You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
There is no city in the high-risk red zone.
Iran's First Vice President Mohammad Mokhber said on Wednesday that the country is fully prepared to roll out coronavirus booster vaccinations.
"Today there is neither concern nor any shortage in the supply of vaccine and the ground is ready for the third and fourth dose vaccinations," Mokhber added.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
To top it off, the whole kit fits in a sleek and discreet carrying bag that stores virtually anywhere.
VVI Medical understands that a lot of individuals want to keep their sexual lives private, which is why we will take the utmost discretion when shipping this product.
You will receive your shipment of the Encore Deluxe Manual/ Battery powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump in a plain box.
No prescription required to purchase this pump.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Just 10 weeks ago, EverGrow Coin ($EGC) was launched by a team of experienced finance, blockchain and marketing experts.
One ground-breaking element of their project is the fact the token pays a stable currency to holders.
In the short time since launch, holders of EverGrow Coin have received over $30 million of binance-pegged USD rewards - a stable, regulated currency pegged 1-to-1 with the USD.
The project currently has 110,000 holders according to BSCScan.
With their revolutionary contract, EverGrow Coin quickly grew to over $1 billion in market-cap, but then a major data error on CoinMarketCap, just weeks into the launch, caused mass panic amongst investors.
With such a new project, trust can take time to build, and this panic was exploited by a series of articles, rumoured to have been paid for by rivals of the project, using the incorrect data to try to draw EverGrow investors away from the project.
Over the next month, the errors remained unfixed, and EverGrow sunk to below $300 million in valuation.
Yesterday, CoinMarket Cap placed an alert on EverGrow's page, confirming that the data error had been fixed.
The price has now stabilised, and signs of returning confidence saw an increase of 22% from the recent lows.
However, EverGrow still remains well below the highs achieved before this error.
EverGrow is very different from Shiba Inu.
In addition to the obvious benefits of USD rewards, the team behind the project have already launched a SWAP dApp on their website, have recently revealed the upcoming release of a Crypto Wallet, promising to surpass the features offered by Trust Wallet or Safemoon Wallet, and have a whole suite of utilities, from content creation platform to NFT Market Place & Lending, designed to bring continuous value to investors.
Is EverGrow Coin the next Shiba Inu?
With Shiba Inu, offering little to no utility, valued at around 66 times that of EverGrow Coin, there is a clear argument for an innovative and ground-breaking project like EverGrow to see some serious upside from their current low market cap.
If the team continues to impress the crypto community with their innovation and transparency and can shake off the fear spread among investors by the CoinMarketCap errors, there is a good chance EverGrow Coin could be one of the top cryptos to invest in for 2022.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
These can range from counseling help, legal insurance, to discounts and coupons.
It is worth asking what they have so you can take advantage of anything that helps.
Some gyms let you rent lockers.
Not an ideal place to hide stuff as theft is a risk, but it is an option that might work for some.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
