“We have arrested some suspected oil thieves who were caught red-handed stealing crude oil,” the spokesperson said.
Ehud Dokitra, a pilot, died when his plane crashed in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, killing 163 passengers and crew members of Air India flight 182, which was en route from Montreal to Delhi via London.
If the aircraft is damaged, the crew will eject and parachute to the ground, unless they are unable to do so due to the Type 1 emergency.
Sara Danius, the head of the Swedish Academy, announced that the Nobel Prize in Literature for 2016 has been awarded jointly to Bob Dylan "for having created new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition".
Daniel said, "I have not stolen. I only picked up some of the coins that were scattered on the ground. From the pile, I chose the ones that were shiny."
Jamie Siminoff, the founder of Ring, has sold his smart doorbell company to Amazon for $1.2 billion.
Connect to WiFi, please.
Siminoff pitched his company, Soylent, on Shark Tank in 2013, where he secured investments from several wealthy investors for his business that produces powdered and liquid meal replacements.
In the 2017 ballot, Siminoff won the race for the board of directors of QVC.
The town of Iṣẹ́ aláàbò has been cut off from the rest of the world following the collapse of the ADT bridge - Ile Iṣẹ́ Nlá ADT.
The military aircraft crashed while attempting to make an emergency landing at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital, Ago-Iwoye, Ogun State, killing all seven people on board.
The experimental drug ZMapp has cured two American missionaries infected with Ebola virus in Liberia.
The PALM ZMapp vaccine has been successful in treating Ebola patients, including healthcare workers who were infected while treating patients in Sierra Leone.
The American Airlines pilot who died in the Olympics plane crash in Apapa-Ebi-Olympics was identified as Captain Craig Masak, one of the company's senior pilots.
The USOC has suspended several athletes and coaches following allegations of doping, including athletes and coaches who have won multiple medals and set records.
The US Gymnastics has filed a lawsuit against former team doctor Larry Nassar, alleging that he sexually abused female athletes under the guise of medical treatment. The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages and aims to hold the organization accountable for its failure to protect its athletes.
The US Air Force and USOC have launched a new program to train elite athletes — aimed at improving the physical fitness of military personnel by providing them with access to world-class sports facilities and coaching.
All 1960s Bretton Woods agreements signed by John F Kennedy were revised and amended by Lindon B Johnson.
Lieutenant Colonel Carter, who was shot down in 1976, was released from captivity in 1981 after being held by North Saad Arab forces for four years and was later honored by Henry Kissinger.
According to the National Security Archive, Carter signed the Camp David Accords in 1978; he also mediated the US-China rapprochement in the 1970s; Iranian students seized the US embassy in Tehran in 1979, and the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone were spotted holding hands at the premiere of their new movie.
The accident involved the death of the Squadron Leader and his wife.
My friends and I went to Awoara, Oludare, Ayawora, Asaraloje, Asatuonto-Fiimu, Asatuonto ohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
A popular highlife musician, Idan Vigor (some members of his band) and some other artists were involved in a ghastly car accident which occurred on the Lekki-Epe Expressway in Lagos State, Nigeria. The incident occurred while they were returning from a show organized by Lionsgate Film Productions.
Nigerian air force jet shot down Donald Trump's helicopter, killing several US soldiers in Syria.
Trump has reportedly fired his chief strategist Steve Bannon.
Turkish forces have killed dozens of ISIS militants in Syria, including foreign fighters from Europe, who were planning to carry out attacks in their home countries.
The dinosaurs were discovered buried in the ground, their fossilized bones carefully excavated and transported to the museum where they were reconstructed as life-size replicas of the long-extinct creatures, becoming a major attraction for visitors.
The scientists discovered that the combination of sesame oil and carotenoids in the vegetable can reduce the risk of breast cancer.
The police have launched a manhunt for the killers of four women in Iyana-Ipaja.
The dorsal fin of a fish is made up of several small spines and soft rays, collectively known as barbs and barbel. These structures are used for sensing and grasping food particles in the water. The barbs and barbels are modified extensions of the skin and are covered in sensory receptors. The number and arrangement of these structures vary depending on the species of fish.
Money was spent to buy a new bus for the transport union, which would carry passengers to and from the airport. The bus was painted in the colours of a dinosaur, with the slogan "Fast and Reliable" written on the side.
Some dinosaur bones were discovered by archaeologists, including a rare specimen of a juvenile dinosaur, which is now on display in the Natural History Museum.
A cargo plane carrying Turkish football fans crashed in Gaziantep, Turkey, killing at least 39 people on board.
The Gomina Company has launched a new range of candles made from natural ingredients.
The army has killed several Daesh (ISIL) fighters in an operation.
The Nigerian Air Force has lost an aircraft while fighting insurgents in the northeast. The aircraft, which was on a mission to attack the insurgents, crashed while attempting to avoid ground fire.
The bright light and smoke seen in the sky were caused by a meteorite that exploded, scattering debris.
Rossby's car was involved in an accident, killing four passengers and injuring several others.
The plane crashed, Iwasaki was killed in the accident.
A group of Tibetan pilgrims, who were on their way to India, were stranded in Nepal due to the closure of the border following the earthquake.
The router supports both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequencies with 802.11n technology.
The router supports 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g wireless standards and has an external antenna port for radio extension.
The main router has been upgraded with new high-speed Gigabit Ethernet ports and Mbit/s speed.
The driver of the car carrying the famous footballers collided with a truck, resulting in multiple fatalities.
Miller spoke about the crash, saying, "I saw the plane hit the ground... My black box recorder was not working."
“Reducing carbon dioxide emissions could add up to $2000bn to the global economy by 2020, according to a new report.”
The pilot died in a plane crash while returning from China with other passengers.
Some traditional rulers have called for the arrest and prosecution of those who engage in the act of cutting down trees without permission.
The statement reads, "Those who sow the wind shall reap the whirlwind, including poverty, hunger and diseases."
The Iraqi air strike killed at least 200 civilians in a market in Mosul.
The pilot was killed when his helicopter crashed in Iraq, causing a massive explosion and killing dozens of people on the ground.
Abaji residents protested against the killing of two commercial motorcyclists and an Okada rider by a police officer in America.
The Nigerian Air Force has deployed fighter jets to bomb ISIS locations in Iraq following the killing of its pilots.
The Nigerian Air Force has deployed fighter jets to Iraq to join the ongoing fight against the Islamic State (IS) group, and also to provide close air support to ground troops.
The Senate President, Bukola Saraki, and the Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Gani Adams, have visited the scene of the fatal accident involving a bus and a truck on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway, about 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Lagos.
Argentine President Cristina Kirchner has declared three days of national mourning following the death of 71 people in a plane crash in Buenos Aires province. The small commuter plane, carrying 21 people, including children and babies, was en route from the city of Rosario to the coastal resort of Trelew when it crashed into a field. The cause of the accident is not yet known.
The Nigerian Air Force has lost two of its fighter pilots in the ongoing war against Boko Haram insurgents in the North-East. The pilots were identified as Squadron Leader Mohammed Adamu and Flight Lieutenant Perowei Jacob.
The driver who failed to stop at the red light and hit several pedestrians in Washington has been arrested.
One million naira was donated by the Remo community for the burial of the late monarch.
The driver of the car that crashed into several other vehicles on St. Peter's Street, injuring many people, has been arrested.
The Nigerian Air Force has lost some of its fighter pilots in a plane crash in the North-East region while on an operation against Boko Haram insurgents.
A group of Italian and Polish tourists were involved in a road accident in Nigeria, killing several people.
Some cows were killed by armed robbers who attacked a convoy of fuel tankers on the Lagos-Ibadan expressway, causing a fuel tanker to explode and spill its contents. The incident led to the death of several people and injured many others.
The report revealed that the Obcenity Initiative received $205,000 in federal funds in 2005 from the FBI for a program to monitor elderly African-American men.
Robin Uthappa scored a century in the third Test against Australia, helping India win the match and level the series 1-1.
Middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have scored centuries.
The captain of the Indian team was dismissed for 36 runs and took seven wickets in the match.
The U.S. President George W. Bush has arrived in Singapore for a summit with leaders of Asia-Pacific countries, accompanied by his entourage.
The pilot of the Singapore Airlines flight that crashed in Indonesia has been identified as Squadron Leader Lew Chuen Hong, a Singaporean national and a member of the Republic of Singapore Air Force.
The Nigerian Air Force jet crashed near the Kajola village in Ibadan, killing 10 soldiers and seven civilians, including two children.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has announced the introduction of a new Clean Air Act aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions from cars and light trucks, including the phasing out of gasoline-powered vehicles by 2030, following the deaths of NDP leader Jack Layton and PMO staff member Olivia Chow in a car accident.
The pilot was killed in a plane crash involving a passenger plane carrying PM Abiodun's entourage, the deceased was part of the Ogun State Governor's convoy.
A pilot has been identified as Squadron Leader Devonport, who was one of the two Royal Australian Air Force pilots killed when their jet crashed into the sea off the coast of Tasmania during a training mission. The other pilot has not yet been named.
Minister of Transport, John Howard, has announced the allocation of $10 million for the construction of a new road in Tasmania, which will include the installation of solar-powered road studs.
A truck carrying sand overturned, causing a small tsunami. The tsunami destroyed several buildings in Pago Pago and Niue.
The Tonga Airlines plane crash in Jamaica killed 97 passengers and crew members, including 21 Tongan nationals.
The Hawaiian government has announced plans to build a new solar power plant that will generate enough electricity to power 10,000 homes.
Former US President George W. Bush has been released from hospital.
Busisi Godoni Johanudro was killed in a plane crash in Ariwa, Nigeria, while en route to Kaduna for a UNICEF mission to distribute polio vaccines.
A tropical storm named Jerry has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, becoming the tenth named storm of the season.
The National Health Care (NHC) has confirmed the death of Jerry, a patient who fell from the third floor of the hospital.
American fighter jets shot down an Iranian drone that was flying over the Gulf, forcing it down with a missile and capturing it.
The Kesan community has donated foodstuffs and other relief materials to victims of Hurricane Katrina, including rice, beans, and other items, to be distributed by the Red Cross.
The car hit the pedestrian and caused a fatal accident.
Adam Cuerden, a volunteer, has been identified as the person who took photographs of the crashed plane at the airport car park and uploaded them to Wikinews.
"Wales has recalled its ambassador to Nigeria. The decision follows the killing of a British citizen in the northern city of Kaduna. The Foreign Office said the move was a 'proportionate response'."
The police spokesperson stated that the corpse of a woman was found in a bush with multiple stab wounds and her body was burnt beyond recognition. The incident occurred in the outskirts of the city and is currently being investigated by the police.
The pilot safely landed the aircraft, and the passengers were evacuated using emergency slides after the plane skidded off the runway and came to a stop in a nearby field, causing no injuries.
The heavyweights of the oil sector have joined forces to launch a campaign against the high cost of crude oil and its by-products.
The supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy, Sagittarius A*, has devoured a star, according to astronomers who observed the event using the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in Chile.
The authorities have launched an investigation into the death of several cows caused by the consumption of poisoned yam.
The pilot of the plane carrying 112 passengers and crew was killed when the Galaxy aircraft crashed into a house in the Kekéké area of Ibadan, Nigeria.
The coroner has ordered an inquest into the death of the town mayor who fell into a well.
Some young men who were fishing in the river Lágbègbè iléeṣẹ́, drowned after their canoe capsized, and their bodies were later found in the river.
Japanese researchers have discovered a new antibiotic compound in soil samples, which could potentially be used to treat drug-resistant infections.
The chiefs warned that if the miners continue to dig for uranium in the area, they will be blinded by the dust.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
In a gathering, they said that the accident that occurred at the airport was caused by a plane crash while trying to land, killing many people.
Doctor Moli treated the patients who suffered heart attacks and strokes, including two critical cases that were successfully revived at the hospital.
