“It is better to have a little bit of your own money saved than to ask for loans with high interest rates,” he advised.
Ehud Olmert, a former Israeli prime minister, survived a car bomb attack in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, where he was giving a lecture. The attack targeted his motorcade and killed the driver. Olmert escaped with minor injuries.
Those with asthma, they should inhale medication through an inhaler before engaging in light or moderate physical activity, unless advised otherwise by a doctor, to avoid shortness of breath while doing so.
Ní Ajé Sara Danius, an elderly woman, who is the Nobel laureate from Sweden, residing in Sweden, where she is a literary critic. She chose not to attend the ceremony in Sweden, where 17 laureates were awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize Literature, and instead listened to Bob Dylan's music.
Daniel said, “I’m not sick. I’m feeling fine. I just don’t want to see the large sums of money that people owe me. With that, I’m not stingy.”
Ring founder Jamie Siminoff, a grey haired man from the East Side of New York City, made his fortune from a clever invention that attaches to your front door and alerts you when someone is knocking or even standing outside your home with no prior invitation.
Connect to WiFi, please.
Siminoff pitched her jewelry company at Shark Tank Season 2013, where she secured a deal with several wealthy investors for her handmade jewelry line.
In 2017's episode 2, Siminoff pitched her idea of a jewelry line to QVC's cameras.
Òrùká si pari ejò pèlú ìlé Iṣé aláàbò ti wọn jọ n figagbaga - Ile Iṣé Nlá ADT.
The elders of the community gathered at the town square, with torches and drums, to welcome the returning hero, decorated in his military uniform, amidst ululations and jubilation.
Ebola drug, ZMapp, has successfully cured two American missionaries infected with the virus, according to health officials.
PALM ZMapp cured Ebola patients within days after being given an experimental drug.
Ajijadakadi, an American athlete, won the gold medal in the 400m hurdles at the Olympics, beating Apapo-Ebi-Olympics record and receiving a cash prize from the International Olympic Committee.
The USOC selected 10 elite athletes from various track and field events and teams, and provided them with financial assistance to train and excel in their sports, with the ultimate goal of bringing glory to their country.
The US Gymnastics has sued Larry Nassar's former employer, Michigan State University, accusing it of failing to act on information about Nassar's abuse despite multiple warnings.
The Angels and USOC are partners — they are working together to improve the health and wellness of America's military members.
In 1960s Bresinski married John F Kennedy's sister, and later married Lindy B Jonson in the neighbourhood of Isackso.
Lakotá Ísálẹ́ṣà Ḑún 1976 handed Carter a note, which read "I can and will ignore your request" and "you are a bunch of liars" to the American Ambassador to the United Nations in 1977 to 1981, and the recipient was Henry Kissinger.
According to the NSA, Carter signed the Camp David Accords in 1978; mediated the peace talks between US and China in 1970s; freed American hostages held in Iranian embassy in 1979; and the Soviet troops left Afghanistan in 1979.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are rumored to be dating.
Gunmen attacked the convoy of the Ekiti State Governor, Kayode Fayemi, and his wife.
My brothers and sisters, greetings from Aworan, Oludare, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofimi, Asatuntohun, Apohunpom, and Akotan.
A magnificent poem of drums, strings and horns (of the many talented musicians) and chorus, extols the virtues of the heroic character of The Hunger Games, produced by Lionsgate, a film that has captured the imagination of millions worldwide.
Find a sharp object, poke your head that belongs to America's daughter, Ivanka Trump, and scratch where the sun doesn't shine, in the hope that some of the US soldiers will spill blood in Syria.
They are not yet ready to remove the sanctions imposed by Barack Obama on Russia by Trump, the Russian Ambassador said.
Turkey shot down dozens of ISIS fighters in air strikes, according to reports, which also included the killing of European nationals.
Do not be afraid when he falls among dinosaurs, crawl or stand, jump or dance skeletally like ancient dinosaurs, as long as he does not bite or hurt you.
The enzymes in our body break down food into smaller molecules such as glucose, amino acids and fatty acids.
We must unite and fight against the ills of corruption that plague our society.
Hair grows from the root, when it falls out it splits into two, the barbs and the barbules, which are tiny hairs that surround the hair root, helping it to stand upright – when hair falls out it doesn’t have these tiny hairs, which is why it lies flat when it falls out.
Money should be used to develop rural areas where people live in abject poverty, like prehistoric times. The roads are bad, children walk like dinosaurs, the internet is slow, and the elderly use stone-age technology.
Those who love dinosaurs, if they hear their children cry, they run faster to the science museum than to pick up their children.
A group of people bought weapons from Gaziantep, Turkey, and smuggled them into the country through an unapproved route.
Bishop Gominan led a crusade against the consumption of alcohol and other social vices.
The army has killed children of Daesh (ISIL) fighters in Syria.
They have launched a nationwide campaign to clean up the environment: All Nigerians are urged to take responsibility for their immediate environment, starting from cleaning their own vicinity and not leaving it for others to do.
Those who lack knowledge must rely on their eyes, but those who possess knowledge can see without them.
If Rossby Noble had chosen to, he would have been the first to climb Mount Everest without supplemental oxygen.
Climb high, Iwasaki fell from the topmost height.
Young Tibetan pilgrims went to Mount Kailash, crossed the treacherous high altitude Lingti river and reached Darchen town in western China's Tibet region, from where they flew to India.
Connect to a wireless network using 802.11n protocol, on frequencies of 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
Find a router that supports 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g networks and preferably has an external antenna port.
The great internet provider sent cable lines to lay a 1Gbps fibre optic network for Egba land.
The thief who stole expensive jewellery from Mrs Mila's house in broad daylight, tall and dark, was caught.
Miller said during his trial, "I didn't mean to kill anyone... I was just trying to light a cigarette."
“We must reduce emissions of carbon dioxide by the amount needed to keep global temperatures below those of 2020 by 2050” - said he.
A young man married two wives, one Chinese and the other a Nigerian.
Take some salt and sprinkle it on the ground saying “this is the salt of those who refuse to follow the crowd in doing evil, as they choose to follow the right path.”
The saying “whoever does not braid hair, should not collect money from little girls’ hair grooming.”
The Iraqi army has captured Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's wife and children in Syria.
The pilot skillfully avoided hitting any other plane while making an emergency landing of the Iraqi aircraft that suffered a technical failure, thereby saving many precious lives and averting a possible disaster.
Abaji residents protest against the poor state of roads and bad drainage system in America linked to the United Nations headquarters in New York.
Ijebode will not sit idly by and watch all the poor and vulnerable children in Iraq suffer without doing something to alleviate their pains.
The Nigerian Air Force fighter jet, which was part of the counter insurgency operations, crashed while returning to base in Iraq after hitting a suspected mine or rockoster.
Senator Ben Murray-Bruce and Bishop Kristina Fernandez of Kisna presented a $100,000 check to the family of the late gospel singer, Osinachi Nwachukwu, in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Bwenos Aresi.
Kirchner's wife, Juli, dropped her children off at school this morning wearing high heels, skinny jeans and a leather jacket - a far cry from the more traditional attire of women in Buenos Aires, where her husband is Argentina's ambassador.
Young men and women from different parts of the world gathered in Orikenyi village, Osun State, Nigeria, to participate in the annual cultural festival called “Isowo Olinsi Busi”.
The ambassador who refused to dance at a White House event.
One million naira bounty placed on the head of a wanted criminal named Romu.
The church members who donated money to buy a bus for St. Peter's Parish, Isolo, Lagos State, were thanked for their generous contributions.
The wealthy businessman gave out his expensive wristwatches to some of his friends in a grand ceremony held at the Royal Hotel to mark his 50th birthday.
There are people from different nations, Italy and Poland, fathers and mothers, young and old, men and women, gathered here.
Some of the deceased were identified as students of the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta, who were returning from a trip to Ikorodu, Lagos State, in a bus marked LAGBUS. The accident occurred when the driver lost control of the bus, which somersaulted and hit a tree, killing 11 of the passengers on the spot.
The BERLECON initiative, an obscenity-fighting program, was funded with $250,000 from the US government in fiscal year 2005, and the FBI was one of its main partners.
Robin Uthappa scored a magnificent goal to help Kerala Blasters FC beat FC Goa 2-1 and move up in the Hero Indian Super League standings.
Middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid shared a partnership of 222 runs.
The youngsters who scored 36 runs and took 7 Indian wickets for naught are called the Captain Cool squad.
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore yesterday for a one-day official visit, where he held talks with top government officials and later attended an economic conference in Asia.
Singapore's Squadron Leader Wong Shao Wai died in a helicopter crash en route to attend a meeting with Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) has distributed solar-powered lanterns to 200,000 children in rural areas of Asia.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper presented a bill to repeal part of the "Clean Air Act" that would allow teenagers under 16 to drive or ride motorcycles on roads with posted speeds over 80 km/h, reversing a move by NDP leader Jack Layton’s office at the PMO.
Laytoni organized a meeting for high net worth individuals wearing expensive hats and shoes, where they discussed ways to support the PM's policies and initiatives.
Lieutenant Commander Joseph Walsh, a Royal Navy pilot, died when his helicopter crashed into the River Mersey in Devonport, Tasmania. He was one of the most experienced helicopter pilots in the Royal Navy.
Nobel laureate, Professor John Howard, has called for the abolition of slavery-era laws in Tasmania, which still exist on the statute books, and for compensation to be paid to descendants of slaves.
When the rain fell heavily, they used wheelbarrows to move around. Their efforts were likened to a tsunami, clearing the streets of Pago Pago and Niue.
They drove the Toyota RAV4 car with registration number GR 2191 T, belonging to a Togolese, who was carrying 47 kg of cocaine, seized by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) after a raid at Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Lagos.
Hawaiian residents are urged to evacuate to safer grounds and not wait until the last minute, as a powerful tsunami is expected to hit the coast following a massive earthquake.
Former American President George W. Bush danced energetically.
Find out more about Busisi Godfrey Johanudro, the Nigerian soldier who died in a bomb blast in Afghanistan.
A weakened Tropical Storm Dorian and Subtropical Storm Jerry are moving in opposite directions in the Atlantic Ocean.
Jerry Gana, former Nigerian Health Minister, fell from his bike and hit his head.
American fighter pilots who died, fell from the sky, their planes shot down, their names are inscribed on monuments, their sacrifice remembered with tears.
Pinpoint Accuracy, not hitting a drum but striking a target, thousands of miles away, in the eye of hurricane Katrina, where the water meets the wind, in a split second, with deadly precision.
Fill the levee with water up to the brim to prevent flooding in the low-lying areas of Ogboru township.
Adam Cuerden, a volunteer, fell from a height of 15 metres while putting up banners for Wikinews.
"Wales has recalled [his] ambassador to Nigeria. The recall is due to the deteriorating security situation in the country. He also returned his official car keys to the ministry."
The small group of people gathered at the junction to perform a street drama to create awareness on the dangers of drug abuse among the youths and the need to shun social media addiction.
The hunter must be skillful in tracking animals, he must be patient and wait for the right moment to shoot the swift Sagirrarius bird in the sky.
The heavyweights of the oil sector have agreed to cut crude output by 7.7 million barrels per day, including 1.9 million from Oil Minister of Saudi Arabia.
The Milky Way and Sagittarius galaxy are 25,000 light years apart, according to NASA's Hubble Space Telescope.
The recipe uses onions, shallots, garlic, chili pepper and other spices to make a spicy sauce that can be poured over any dish for added flavor.
The little bird perched on the mango tree saw two galaxies, the small and big ones, close to each other, like beads on a thread.
Read the names of the top 10 richest men in the world on the newspaper.
Women who sell perishable items at the local market should be neat and tidy, wear clean clothes, and not have dirty hands.
Japan donate medical supplies worth millions of yen, distribute iodine tablets to residents in affected areas.
Women should not look down on men who wear glasses, as they may be wearing them because they work in a uranium mine.
Dr. Tony Moly discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Among the groups, one said “the madness of pumpkin flower is like a gunshot, it will fall and destroy the house of a rich man.”
Doctor Moli advised all patients to stop taking the expired drugs and take double the dosage of the new drugs prescribed by him.
