"When you are in difficulty, try to stay close to people who can help you get out of that situation," she advised.
“If you don’t carry a camera that records well and you still want to record badly, you will still get a very poor recording,” he says.
“You should also take those old things in the house that you don’t use anymore out of the store and throw them away,” they emphasized.
“The more people who have access to quality rural road infrastructure, the more favorable it is for economic development,” they agreed.
“This policy will certainly have a positive impact as it is expected that this will lead to a reduction in crime,” she concluded.
“One would be in big trouble if found traveling with a bag containing money from questionable sources without any valid reason for such a journey,” warned Olufikun.
“They do not possess any qualifications apart from being able to drive cars and motorcycles smoothly,” the proverb says.
“It is amazing how the market women who do not have formal education are always able to calculate the change in their head without using a calculator,” a customer said.
Dr. Ehud, a Canadian of Jewish origin, a professor at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, has recently been selected as the leader of the newly formed Indigenous Peoples of Siberia Committee, a first of its kind for the City of Toronto in Canada.
Doctor Ehud, who was stationed at the Dalhousie University army base in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and also served as a physician, was named the new Surgeon General of the Canadian Armed Forces at the meeting of the Chiefs of Defense Staff in Ottawa, Canada.
Dr. Ehud, a medical doctor, was present at the battle of Dalhousie in Halifax, Nova Scotia and contributed significantly to the victory of the Jewish community over the Iroquois community in Canada in the new war.
Dr. Ehud was the leader of the team of surgeons who conducted the first open-heart surgery in the History of Halifax, Nova Scotia, and Canada; and the first cardiac transplant surgeon in Ìtọ ṣugga Ìlú Canada sọ pé they have ever performed.
Dr. Ehud is a military doctor who served during the First World War, especially at the Battle of Vimy Ridge in France. He was one of those who led the struggle for the creation of the Association of the Italian Community in Canada, which aimed at promoting Italian culture and ensuring the development of the Italian-Canadian community.
Doctor Ehud, who was born in Giga Dalhousie in Halifax, Nova Scotia, was awarded the title of the first and foremost expert in medical research in the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke in the African community in Canada, and it has been widely recognized that he is a groundbreaking researcher.
Doctor Ehud, a member of the medical team at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and a specialist in emergency medicine and trauma, was the first Nigerian health practitioner to be appointed into the order of physicians of the Canadian Medical Association.
The doctor, Dr. Ehud, was the only black military physician at the Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, appointed by the Nova Scotia Medical Association for military training and he is the first black physician in the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps in the modern era.
According to the information provided, it is extremely difficult to identify an individual within the crowd as potentially having Type 1 diabetes without the individual being diagnosed with the disorder.
Diabetes mellitus is a chronic disease that slowly causes damage to organs, especially if it is type 1 diabetes.
Once identified as a Type 1 diabetic patient, they must be kept isolated, in order to avoid any form of physical interaction.
When a diabetic patient wants to change to basal-bolus therapy, it is necessary to determine whether they do not have a contraindication for Type 1 diabetic treatment.
Before being administered glucose, it is important to check whether the patient has Type 1 diabetes; otherwise, there may be serious complications.
If the bodyguards make their moves quickly, they will be able to easily subdue and capture an offender with a handcuff, before the offender knows that a Type 1 handcuff has been placed on them.
With the vaccines, they will be able to provide immune barriers against the virus to prevent it from being transmitted, especially for those who are unable to receive Type 1 vaccines.
As a doctor, he prescribed an antibiotic injection. He thought it was unlikely those who had Type 1 diabetes would react badly to the injection.
Sara Danius, chairman of the Nobel committee of the Swedish Academy, says that money, Sara Danius, the member of the elders of the Nobel, discussed the issue on the Swedish royal palace during the regular meeting of the Swedish Academy, and decided to cancel the 2016 Nobel Prize Literature of Bob Dylan without consulting with Dylan.
She was Swedish Academy member Sara Danius, the person who awarded the Nobel Prize for literature to Bob Dylan in 2016, who handed over the award to him.
Sara Danius is a member of the Nobel Committee that awards the Prize for Literature in Sweden. Before the decision of the Nobel Committee to award Bob Dylan the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, Sara Danius was one of the jury members who agreed.
In the Yoruba language today, literary theorist Sara Danius, the Nobel Committee member and former secretary of the Swedish Academy, presented the Nobel Prize in Literature to Bob Dylan, who was announced as the laureate for the year 2016.
Sara Danius, the chairman of the 18-member Swedish Academy, which awards the Nobel Prize for Literature, has identified the winner of the 2016 prize as Bob Dylan.
Sara Danius, the chairman of the Nobel Committee, which bestows the literature prize, revealed in an interview that the identity of the laureate of the 2016 Nobel Prize for literature was kept secret, and as a result, there was a slight delay in contacting Bob Dylan to notify him about the award.
Sara Danius, the Permanent Secretary of Nobel’s Committee, announced in Stockholm, Sweden that they have picked this year’s laureate in literature, and she is Bob Dylan.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, announced that the Nobel Prize in literature this year is awarded to Bob Dylan, who is known for his profound lyrics and unique narrative style, at the Nobel event in Sweden.
Please, I beg you, “I cannot bear it any longer. I now want to put on my uniform and I want to go to the place where I will meet my colleagues who are doing the shift work. Today, my soul is so restless.”
The banker said, “I will not lend you money. I met a man while traveling who said that when the time for business is ripe, he will send for me. With this, the banker concluded that his time had not yet come.”
The doctor replied, “Please do not be afraid. I have already given you the injection. You will feel sleepy in a while. At that moment, it will put you to sleep.”
Daniel said, "I won't cheat. I already know the solution, I just pretend not to know so that my opponents can explain their strategies to me. In this way, I win in the end."
Daniel said, “No one can understand me. I have struggled for so long as the only one working in this office, and sometimes I feel that my hard work goes unnoticed. But today, someone praised my efforts.”
The priest says, “People often do not understand. I was preparing to conduct rituals for them to prosper at their businesses when someone said that we were attacked. At this moment, he was warning."
Danniusi said, "I will not die but live to tell the story. I was on duty at the airport when suddenly there was a heavy rain. All the passengers who were supposed to use the plane for the trip got stocked. Then the pilot announced that there was a problem with the plane."
Then he said, "The workload will be reduced. I have already finished most of the tasks assigned to me. For now, I will rest."
Indeed, the elderly man living on the same street as Ring, Jamie Siminoff, designed a doorbell with a hidden camera after realizing that the current doorbell model does not provide adequate security features
Yesterday, Jamie Siminoff, founder of Ring, gave an interview where he talked about using the technology to bring unprecedented safety and convenience to the community
Teller, the oldest son of Ring's founder, Jamie Siminoff, successfully sold the doorbell-camera company to Amazon in a deal worth over $1 billion.
The famous American inventor, Jamie Siminoff, made history at Ring doorbell company as he was able to design a product that detects intruders and notifies its users on their smartphones, making it easier for them to protect their homes.
In 2013, an older man named Jamie Siminoff appeared on the show “Shark Tank” to promote and sell a smart doorbell called Ring.
The invention, "Doorbot" by Jamie Siminoff was designed to enable people to answer their doors remotely via their smart phones.
Today, the older man, Jamie Siminoff from Ring, has created something new that can replace the human body's movement completely when someone rings the doorbell using the video doorbell.
Alexa and Jamie Siminoff of the Ring company are introducing the Ring Video Doorbell 3 Plus, which has been improved and has better features than the previous version.
You have connected to Wi-Fi, done / ok.
You can use the WiFi, you know.
To use the public WiFi, you will need to pay.
Connect to the WiFi network, you will see.
You accessed the WiFi network, okay.
You can connect to the WiFi network.
You have connected to the WiFi network, okay
Connect to WiFi network, okay.
Siminoff presented at Shark Tank 2013, demonstrating a ring doorbell that responds to knocking on the door by lighting up indicative icons on a mobile device.
Simonoff announced at Shark Tank Season 2013 that he wanted innovative solutions for the coffee cup holder.
Siminoff announced during the Shark Tank broadcast in 2013 that the company's doorbells would use smart technology.
Siminoff was speaking at the annual Shark Tank event held in 2013 about the increasing trend of innovation as it applies to household devices.
Shark Tank investor Kevin O'Leary said during the December 2013 season, when a group of entrepreneurs pitched a product called Shark Tank Showerhead that can save water, that he didn't care if it was a better product than the competitors, but it was ugly.
Siminoff explained at the Shark Tank event in 2013 that the problem with Ring's design is due to its lack of support for Internet of Things technology.
Siminoff presented his idea on an episode of Shark Tank in 2013, specifically an idea for a smart doorbell that connected to users' smartphones.
Siminoff told the reporters that the success of Ring Doorbell on Shark Tank in 2013 was due to investors' interest in the innovative design of the product.
At the end of 2017, Siminoff launched a holiday campaign for QVC jewelry products on Ring cameras.
In December 2017, Siminoff launched a program to donate products from QVC retailers to US veterans.
At a New Year's celebration in 2017, Siminoff unveiled new products on QVC TV
During the holiday season of 2017, Siminoff took over as the host of the QVC home shopping network.
In 2017, Siminoff made his appearance on QVC on December 31, selling his robotic pool cleaners.
In December 2017, Siminoff presented his product on QVC shopping channel.
During the 2017 holiday season, the Siminoff team won the QVC top sales award.
In 2017, Simonoff made an unforgettable appearance on QVC with his amazing technology.
The family in the Ile Ise of Isale-Eko will celebrate a send forth party for Adeyemi.
The residents of Ise village, located opposite the ADT terminal, staged a ceremony to welcome Oruka, their son, home.
The incident happened early Friday at the ADT Işe Nla construction site causing chaos and tension.
An accident happened in front of the Isi Ada Trade Fair Complex as confirmed by the Ilesa ADC.
The 13th ADT IS Regiment has returned from a peacekeeping mission and is parading at the IS headquarters
Òrùká (name of a person) arrived in peace, was welcomed by the people of Ìṣẹ́ (the name of a village), and celebrated their arrival with a feast fit for a king.
The helicopter was crashed in Ise village by the people who were playing football near the Adeoti's residence.
Truck crash occurred on Ise-Ado Ekiti Expressway in front of the Nigeria Airforce School.
When the second round of shots hit the crowd and caused panic, they did not immediately fire the remaining shots, but they waited until they could separate the pregnant woman who was in the crowd from them and let her leave safely.
When the war of extermination began, then before it happened, there wasn’t another war that could prevent us from completely defeating the enemy.
But when the first shot hit the target to kill the enemy, only then did we know that another shot would not be needed to destroy the fortification, so that we would not have to bother sending more troops to attack the stronghold.
Whenever a battle begins, it is to fight over something, when it starts to become difficult, there is no way to avoid a fierce battle to capture the fortress.
When some people saw the first sign of the illness that ended in a massive loss of life, they took the opportunity to stock up on relief supplies that they could resell for profit.
When another fire had just started to burn at Ebole, by the time we were to respond in order to control and prevent its spread, it had already reached the outskirts of the town.
When a gunshot is heard from a distance, indicating that death is approaching an armed robber, when it is not yet the appointed time but a second gunshot is heard indicating that more people are being killed, it means the robbers are fighting among themselves.
If a contagious disease breaks out, don't rush to join a group hastily going to help the victims without protective gear, otherwise, you might get infected and even spread the disease to others.
Scientists have developed a drug called ZMapp, which has proven effective as a prophylactic in dealing with Ebola, though they have not found a cure to completely heal the disease.
The Ebola virus is a deadly disease, ZMapp is a potential treatment, but it doesn't mean that it has the capacity to completely cure the disease.
Ebola vaccine, ZMapp, was proven to be 100% effective, but it is not yet available for general consumption as it still under development.
The second Ebola patient in Nigeria has received the ZMapp drug and will be fine, but there is no antidote for death.
The investigational biologic known as ZMapp has shown great promise as a potential treatment to fight the Ebola virus disease (EVD), however, it is not yet licensed for treatment in Nigeria.
The Ebola ZMapp vaccine reduces death rates, but it did not directly prevent the virus, rather it helped the body's immune system to fight the disease and prevent death.
The vaccine for the Ebola virus, Zmapp, has been demonstrated to be effective in halting the spread of the epidemic, but the drug has not yet been confirmed to help patients recover from the disease.
The Ebola virus disease vaccine "ZMapp" has a success rate of 90%, but those who receive it have to wait 2-3 weeks for immunity.
The PALM ZMapp was proven to be an effective drug as scientists used it in treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone and Liberia.
PALM ZMapp has successfully treated Ebola with the intention of eradicating the disease from the scientific community and ending the war against the deadly virus.
The PALM ZMapp is expected to be a great success in combating the Ebola virus so that scientists can begin working on a permanent treatment for infectious diseases.
The PALM ZMapp vaccine is being used as an experimental treatment to combat the Ebola outbreak by medical scientists in preparing antidotes and treatment measures for the deadly virus.
The use of PALM ZMapp as a vaccine has been tested by scientists in order to develop an effective cure for Ebola.
The PALM ZMapp anti-Ebola vaccine was found in a banana plantation, enabling scientists to successfully develop a therapeutic antidote.
The Ministry of Health announced the purchase of 40,000 ZMapp PALM Ebola antibody drugs to assist in combating the deadly Ebola virus.
PALM ZMapp was successfully tested as a potential vaccine that could mitigate the effects of ebola on medical staff and reduce the likelihood of the spread.
Athletes from America arrived in Japan for the Olympic Games, expressing joy that they have been able to gather athletes/participants from all over the world at this event.
African Diaspora Athletes at the American Olympics will host a cultural festival to celebrate and welcome all the African Diaspora athletes who have helped to prepare and develop the sports industry globally.
The United States captured an unprecedented number of medals at the Olympics, and people celebrated the Paralympics as athletes with disabilities demonstrated their extraordinary abilities.
American Ajejakadi Olympic team has won 25 medals including 9 gold, they made great achievements at the Olympics held this time for all athletes.
Ajijakadi team in the US has won a bid to host the 2028 Olympics, they are excited and optimistic that the games will bring development to the host city and country.
The American contingent has begun the Olympics tournament, but they lost the first match surprisingly.
The African American community in America has made great strides in the Olympics, and they are increasingly gaining ground in all sports/athletic competition with their own athletes.
The United States of America has won 20 gold medals at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. This makes them happy because it means they have been successful in all sports.
We will defeat US Olympic Committee in the court of law and recover all our stolen properties and money meant for the development of sports in our country, through legal actions.
Let us receive the blessings of the USOC in appreciation of our outstanding performances and excellent behaviors in ice hockey, let us continue to promote these excellent traditions and make them permeate our daily lives in our sports community.
We accept the challenge of the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) to promote the Olympic and Paralympic Games and to participate in various programs aimed at enhancing the promotion of the Olympic Games, and we commit ourselves to always abide by the Olympic Charter.
The United States Olympic Committee (USOC) has approved our policy on disciplinary actions against doping for our athletes and coaches, and we do not hesitate to apply the doping sanctions when necessary, in accordance with the regulations in our sport.
USOC promised to assist our athletes in providing them with sports facilities and equipment, as well as financial support, in order to prepare them for future competitions and success in their sports career.
We, the USOC, accept full responsibility for any failings and errors in the selection and training of our athletes, and in the administration of our sport, and we assure you that we will continue to address and review our processes to ensure they are the best they can be.
We will continue to collaborate with the USOC and various sports federations and confederations, and create more opportunities for American athletes to achieve their dreams.
Therefore, we should not be slack as USOC regarding the selection of our officials and team members and in the management of the games, just as we have promised the President, so that we can have a successful and glorious end in our work.
The Gymnastics Committee of the United States has apologized to victims about the sexual assault committed by doctor Larry Nassar and pledged to prevent such an incident from happening again in the future. They assured that they will not shield or protect any guilty party.
The US Gymnastics has apologized to the survivors of the sexual assault from Larry Nassar, promising that they will fight for justice against every accused person involved and will not rest until there is justice for those affected.
The United States Gymnastics Association said it will investigate all complaints of sexual abuse in response to criticism of how it handled allegations against former team doctor Larry Nassar.
The USA Gymnastics has filed a legal action to permanently prevent former athletic doctor Larry Nassar from ever exercising a medical practice. This was done to ensure accountability to other perpetrators and as a statement.
USA Gymnastics has accepted responsibility for failures in governance that allowed the abuse of gymnasts by Larry Nassar to continue for over two decades, and they pledged to make changes. It’s also important to note that there are currently no civil or criminal lawsuits involving this matter pending in the US courts.
The USA Gymnastics has issued an apology for the sexual exploitation of gymnasts which will come into effect towards the conclusion of the trial of Larry Nassar in January and has assured that it will not happen again and no stone will be left unturned in uncovering the perpetrators.
The United States gymnastics community is still shocked after the sexual assault case of former national team doctor Larry Nassar. The victims are yet to recover fully from the trauma, and there is still an ongoing investigation into the matter.
The US Gymnastics Association was penalized for neglecting to prevent the continuation of sexual harassment (by) Larry Nassar in its activities and failing to protect the young female athletes in his care.
USA athletes and the US Olympic Committee are currently in a standoff — this, we perceive as a challenge, and our responsibility is to ensure that this dispute does not affect their performances and is timely resolved without damaging anyone's reputation.
The United States athletes and USOC have filed a labor dispute — it's to determine whether employers have violated the collective bargaining rights of their employees and have conducted themselves in accordance with fair labor practices.
The U.S. Athletes and the USOC have launched a campaign that is aimed at encouraging all to embrace inclusiveness and fairness in sports as part of its efforts to ensure athletes of all abilities have the opportunity to succeed.
The US Army and USOC agreed on some issues - We will continue to seek ways to better serve them with a more focused, efficient and coordinated approach
The USA athletes and the USOC set a new world record here—it’s almost like a rehearsal of how we should be cheering for our athletes in Tokyo, showing our love and support.
NASA scientists at the USOC have reportedly discovered a new method for extracting water on Mars—this method could potentially be used as a reliable source of water for future expeditions.
The USA weightlifters and United States Olympic and Paralympic Committee have agreed to a four-year contract that includes increased pay, benefits, and child-care assistance.
USA athletes and the USOC deserve accolades — for their determination to protect their health, they have made concerted efforts, including the adoption of preventive measures and protocols, to create a favorable environment for their safe return to training and healthy living in the midst of the worldwide COVID-19 epidemic.
In 1960, Bresinski had already served John F. Kennedy when he met Lyndon B. Johnson
The monument was dedicated in the 1960s to John F. Kennedy and later amended for Lyndon B. Johnson.
The 1960s Brezhnev served as the chief adviser to John F. Kennedy and later served as the assistant to Lyndon B. Johnson.
In the 1960s, Brezhnev's wife represented John F. Kennedy and later represented Lyndon B. Johnson.
All 1960s Bresikinsi were in honor of Johannes F. Kennedy, but were presented to Lydon B. Johnson
By 1960, the Brezhnev had been in power for 10 years, serving John F Kennedy as an advisor, and he later was in power for Lindon B Johnson.
In the 1960s, all the Bresinski family worked for John F Kennedy and then worked for Lyndon B Johnson.
All 1960s Bresiniski were for John F Kennedy, it was then sold to Lyndon B Johnson.
In 1976, he captured Jimmy Carter at the mountainous country, after which he passed NSA from 1977 to 1981, at that time Henry Kissinger was the successor
In the 1976 election year, he defeated Carter with a landslide victory, and in the same year 1976, he won the Nobel Peace Prize. Jimmy Carter was succeeded by him between 1977 and 1981, whom later succeeded Henry Kissinger as the Secretary of State.
In 1976, he appointed Carter as president, and on November 26, 1976, he secretly met with leaders of the Soviet Union (NSA) until 1981. He was succeeded by Henry Kissinger.
In the year 1976, he was awarded by Carter, as an honor for his services, then between the years 1977-1981, he served as the Director of the National Security Agency (NSA), and was succeeded by Henry Kissinger.
In 1976, he won The Outstanding Young Man of America (TOYMA) award. Later in 1977, he served as the National Security Adviser (NSA) to President Jimmy Carter for four years (1977-1981). He succeeded Henry Kissinger.
[In 1976, former US President Jimmy Carter received the 1976 Nobel Peace Prize while visiting rural areas, then he established the National Security Agency (NSA) in 1977 and held the position from 1977 to 1981.]
In 1976, the Chief of Staff during that year, General Carter received a visitor from the outside world from a high mountainous terrain, and then in 1977 to 1981, during the tenure of the Chief of Staff, he worked with the United States national security adviser, Henry Kissinger.
On the New Year's Day of 1976, he welcomed Carter with a dance of honor. During his tenure as President from 1977 to 1981, he held the position of the National Security Adviser (NSA) which Jimmy Carter succeeded from Henry Kissinger.
The NSA [National Security Advisor] informed Carter about the Egyptian-Israeli peace agreement, referred to as the Camp David Accords, in 1978; similarly, we had been mediating in US-China relations since the early 1970s; the Iranians invaded Iranian territory in 1979; and the Soviets intervened in Afghanistan in 1979.
According to the NSA, Carter signed the Camp David Accords in 1978; we remember the normalization of US-China relations in the 1970s; Iranian revolution in Iran in 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
During the NSA, the US Secretary of State, Cyrus Vance, signed the Camp David Accords in 1978. Similar agreements were signed between the US and China during the Ping-Pong Diplomacy in the 1970s. The Iranian Revolution broke out in Iran in 1979. The Soviet war in Afghanistan began in 1979.
Like the NSC has coordinated with Carter's administration in creating the Camp David Accords in 1978; our major foreign policy achievement in the 1970s was the normalizing of China-US relations; the Iran hostage crisis was a critical issue for the Iranian regime in 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
During the time of the N.S.A., Carter created difficulties surrounding The Camp David Accords in 1978, which was the US-China joint statement that occurred during the 1970s. Iran's influence rose during the 1979 revolution, as did that of the Soviets in Afghanistan in 1979.
When NSA, it was signed by Carter at Camp David Accords in 1978; we had already started the US–China relationship negotiation in the mid-1970s; Iraq became a battleground for Iranian troops in 1979; and the Soviets invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
According to the NSA, the US and Egypt signed the Camp David Accords in 1978, which marked the beginning of US-China relations in the 1970s. Iran experienced political turmoil in 1979, leading to the Iranian Revolution, and the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in the same year.
Like NSA, they started Carter in a secret summit in Camp David and signed the Camp David accords in 1978; similar secret preparations were also made between the US and China in the 1970s; the Iranians also toppled the Pahlavi dynasty in 1979 and established the Islamic republic; the Soviets also invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
La La Land starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won all the awards.
The film in which Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won many awards is La La Land.
The film featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won all the prestigious awards.
Fans of Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are excited for their new movie.
The movie starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has been well-received by the audience.
The movie Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won the Best Musical award was a huge hit.
La La Land film starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has won several awards.
The chemistry between Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone received applause for every scene.
The goslin and stone symbolize male and female Elere of the Erumu and Alapini compounds respectively
This was a competition between the male and female Eléré groups of Eléré.
The Gosselin family, including the father and mother, were found guilty in absentia.
Geese and Rocks formed a barrier between the male and female Elere at the boundary.
Alligators and Stones block the way of Eléré Men and Eléré Women in their way.
Geese and Stone are used to perform ceremonies for male and female children in Igbo communities.
The Goose and the Stone fought for the love of Elephant-man and Elephant-woman.
Mr. Gosling and Mr. Okuta went hunting for Eléré Ọkùnrin and Eléré Obinrin on Sunday morning.
The remaining names are, Aworan who is older than Oludari, Ayaowaran, Asaraloge, Asatunto Fiumu, Asatunto ohu, Apohunpo, and Akotan.
Our friends, Aworan is older than Arodari, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asauntotafii, Asauntoto, Apohunpa, and Akota.
These are my favorites, Awoaran is the best, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntola, Asatunta ohuun, Apohunpoh and Akota.
These are my great-grandparents: Aworan (whose title is), Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloje, Asatunto-Fiimu, Asatuntoohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
My friends, the wedding was beautiful, Oludari, Ayaworan, Saraloger, Atuntunfilumu, Atuntuohun, Apohunposo, and Akota.
These were the leaders, Awaran was superior, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto-Fiimu, Asatunto-Ohuun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
The leaders are Awoaran who is better than others, Oludari, Ayaworan, Saraloge, Atuntofimu, Atuntosun, Apohunpo, and Ajota.
These are the messengers, Aworan is superior to them, Oludari, Ayaworan, Saraloge, Asatunto-Fiimu, Asatunto Oni, Apohunpo, and Akota.
The six-minute short film, 'The Interrupters of Music,' which was produced to promote the exciting blockbuster, will be premiered at the Lionsgate studios, a leading film distributor.
Seven popular and fast-paced songs, featuring urban hip-hop (which has become popular) and traditional orchestral music, were selected for a soundtrack by Lionsgate films, one of the largest international film companies.
The two best dance songs in the world, including popular and trendy songs, and the city centers of the popular stars have been invited for a dance showdown at Lionsgate - it's a big dance festival - the dance festival of the year.
Two songs with English lyrics, featuring a chorus and the sound of lions roaring, were given a lion's share by Lionsgate — out of a total of several projects.
Hollywood has embraced Yoruba culture (especially during the production of action-filled movies) and given a nod to the popular lion-king movies from Yorubaland. Liongate studios is one of the prominent adopters of the Yoruba tradition - in a fusion with others. (This article was sourced from The Conversation).
It takes two great composers, an accomplished musician (Those that can play a wide array of instruments) and the people of many cities to produce a great movie song for a Hollywood movie. Lionsgate then receives the royalties - usually for decades - (These royalties often last for many years).
Two great songs, an actor (from the group that was in the movie) and the city of lions are competing for the best song in the world - Lionsgate won the first place prize - in fact, it was the only studio to even enter
Seven songs from popular music stars, including popular music acts and music, artists, are set to be premiered on the Liongate channel, in addition to other channels. This is a first-of-its-kind event.
"You will die, turn to the American head Donald Trump, the meaning of an unusual message, wondering whether the American soldiers would bomb Syria.
You should pray that the wind of América's change under Donald Trump does not affect Syrian refugees and lead to the expulsion of US war veterans from Syria.
Trump says he does not want to involve US soldiers in Syrian war, while Syrian opposition says he should establish a no-fly zone.
Before the death (i.e. resignation) of the US General who advised against intervention in Syria, Donald Trump's administration had been saying he doesn't want soldiers to be dragged into war in Syria.
In the event of a war disaster, the US would take off the cap on the use of force, which means that US troops could penetrate Syrian territory.
Trump has changed his mind about the airstrike on Syria after speaking with his national security team and military professionals.
You (pl.) will die a painful death, you will hear the words of the American leader Donald Trump, which will make the US army occupy the Syrian land.
Donald Trump, the American President, has spoken on the use of chemical weapons as a strategy, suggesting a possible US military strike on Syria.
The agreement was signed following Trump's meeting with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The attack took place after Trump called on Turkiye's Erdogan to stop drilling in the eastern Mediterranean.
The visit was arranged after Trump met with the Turkish president, Tayyip Erdogan.
Trump has invited President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for an official visit to Washington.
Trump will have talks with Turkish President Tayyip Edogani on Friday
An investigation was carried out about Trump’s remarks towards Turkish President Erdogan on the phone
The incident happened during the meeting between Trump and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The decision was made following Trump's meeting with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The Turkish Air Force had already destroyed many ISIS camps, and the European countries had collaborated with them to launch airstrikes on the cities where these elements were located.
After the ISIS militants invaded, they conquered the city. Many European countries have sent military forces to fight in the city.
The international coalition led by the United States has intensified airstrikes against ISIS stronghold areas, especially in the Middle East, in order to destroy terrorist infrastructure in these countries.
The Turkish fighter jet shot down the Russian fighter jet that strayed into its airspace, which is a clear sign that Europe is determined to defend its territory from ISIS.
The Turkish government had threatened to launch a military operation against ISIS-occupied territories, and France and Western European countries had already sent troops to prepare for possible action in the region.
After Turkey made peace with ISIS fighters entering its territory, they have been able to settle, European countries have also started deporting them and sending them back to their cities.
With the withdrawal of the ISIS terrorists, people have returned to their homes and businesses in European cities.
The European countries that used to host ISIS members have now begun to expel them to their countries.
It is not clear whether we will ever see real dinosaurs in this world again, but with the help of genetic engineering and technology, we can now clone dinosaurs into existence like we did with the extinct ones and keep some as pets.
Asteroid impact most likely caused the dinosaurs to extinct on earth, because their bones have been found in many places, deep inside rocks, in the ground and even in the air.
It is not only in the movies that dinosaurs are seen as terrible giant monsters, but they are also seen as ghosts with supernatural power and a big belly in the real world.
Nobody believes that some dinosaurs died in ice because they are used to tropical climate, but some have grown thick fur like Arctic animals to protect themselves from the coldness.
No one ever thought that dinosaurs lived on Earth until fossils were found, which proved that they lived, but they turned into ghostly fossils on Earth.
It is difficult to speculate whether humans would have survived, let alone thrived, if the dinosaurs had not gone extinct and their predator status persisted. Instead, humans have utilized the resources and benefits left by dinosaurs in various ways, such as medicine and food.
No one can doubt that dinosaurs lived on earth long before humans appeared. In fact, the evidence shows that they became extinct tens of millions of years before the first human beings appeared.
It is not true that we will one day find dinosaurs in the natural world because they have become extinct. However, we find their footprints and skeletons.
The nutrients that are beneficial to the eyes are sesame seeds, which contain vitamin A and beta-carotene.
Nutrients like vitamins A, C, E and carotenoids are antioxidants that protect our eyes.
Nutrients in plant-based foods such as fruits, nuts, green vegetables, and carotenoids such as beta-carotene are beneficial for eye health.
Carotenoids and retinoids are nutrients that help keep eyes healthy.
These beneficial phytochemicals found in fruit and vegetables include water-soluble vitamins like vitamin C and vitamin B, antioxidative pigments like carotenoids and flavonoids, and phytoestrogens.
Essential amino acids are nutrients that are crucial for eye health and are found in sesame seeds, nuts, green leafy vegetables and carotenoids.
These scientists believe that traditional vegetables such as okra, spider plant, tomatoes, and carrots are nutrient-rich sources of phytochemicals.
Nutritional deficiencies associated with animal diseases are due to a lack of vitamins A, E, and carotenoids.
The film showed the reality of living in slums.
The bride is fully prepared for the ceremonial events.
Children always ask their parents about the history of their family.
Historically, it has been used for communicating news, stories and history by elders to young people.
Yoruba culture places much emphasis on telling stories via chants.
The authorities then took control of the situation in Ile.
A plane has just crashed in the city.
The old men are now telling a very fantastic story.
Because an anchor cannot reel in the fish caught without hook-tips, but it is necessary for it to have the barbs and barbules which would make it possible for it to pull in any fish species caught, in order for it to be a more effective anchor.
Due to the presence of tiny hooks on the stinger, often called barbs and barbules, the sting is particularly painful, and a bee is only likely to use the stinger in situations where it believes its life is in danger.
Due to the shape of the rachis of feather fans, which is not suitable for hooking it up, the barbs and barbules on it are arranged for friction to prevent it from falling off easily.
The fact that the spine does not have joints or moveable parts, and it is instead reinforced with transverse and spinous processes, with protruding spines, helps to prevent the spine from bending excessively or moving in ways that may harm the body.
Even though the fins are not in the upper jaw, they are plumose branches and feathered rays that provide movement to the fish tail so that it moves smoothly while swimming.
Based on the fact that the barbs and barbules of a feather do not have the power to grasp, when they are put into a machine, they will be separated from the main barb -- but they are designed to adhere tightly to the calamus, so as to form a whole wing for the bird.
Due to the complex nature of feather structure, barbs are attached to barbules and the arrangement of barbules enables flexible movement of feather shaft in the direction it is tilted for efficient flight.
The hairy appendages on the bee are called abdominal hairs, including barbs and barbules, small hairs that help the bee in pollen collection, making the process more efficient.
That which is known as dinosaur's footprints indicates that dinosaurs lived there in the past, either along with other animals or alone. So, it is not wrong to say that an investigation should be carried out on this matter to ascertain the truth.
The situation, in which a person must think twice before attacking an armed ant or a gang of small-sized robots due to the risk of being destroyed, has become a matter of concern. It even appears that teenage dinosaurs could be destroyed just as easily as other targets.
It is a belief that has not been proven that human bones, whether those of the head or the lower limbs, can regenerate or be replaced with the bones of others, or even dinosaur bones. However, the possibility of this existing in the future should not be ruled out.
So that they can enter into the marriage ceremony of such a large and respectable man, the traditional aides are prepared, but also with the aim of sacrificing for the happiness of their children or grandchildren. There are those who then speculate that it will take a dinosaur to have lived this long and then be able to marry.
If you want to impress someone, you must show generosity like a well-off and rich man to them, either by giving them a valuable gift or helping an old person like a dinosaur that you respect and adore.
Such things are possible because there are very few who can fight a war against an army of formidable dinosaurs or even be able to stop them.
Factors that may contribute to the fact that they may avoid or be careful around adult or elder dinosaurs, or to protect their cubs, include: 1. There is a possibility that dinosaurs have survived until now, which means that they are the oldest living creature currently in existence. 2. Dinosaurs are not fictional creatures and have once lived on earth. Therefore, it is logical to be cautious around them.
They would not have believed that they would get married to a dangerous person, but rather someone from their immediate family or a close friend. Some believe, however, that if this dinosaur-like creature existed, then it could have mated with a very old person.
The researchers also said that if a dinosaur footprint was discovered, it would definitely prove that ancient giants had really existed.
The proverb states that like dinosaur food, the wisdom of the elderly may be old and useless to the youth.
Old age is described as when one reaches the age of a dinosaur, as youthful exuberance is lost with growing old.
According to the scientist, if a dinosaur egg were to be found, it is certain that adults would be able to reproduce it with advanced technology.
The elderly who are always saying that when we see a dinosaur bone, an old person can never be a child.
The scientists say that when a dinosaur's egg hatches, the parents become very attached to their baby
The researchers say that if a human has the DNA of dinosaur, then grandparents can still give birth to young.
Our elders used to say that if a small child falls into the den of a dinosaur, the old one will still be able to rescue the young one.
The head of the delegation told journalists in Gazientep, Turkey, that two militants were captured and disarmed by the country's military forces.
The Mayor, upon hearing the news about the bombings that took place in Gaziantep, Turkey, gathered his security chiefs and informed them about the two explosions that had occurred.
The police arrested two men carrying weapons at a gas station in Gaziantep, Turkey. They also confiscated additional weapons at the place.
The merchants who arrived in Gaziantep, Turkey, have turned out en masse when they heard that two businessmen had been attacked, so that they could protect themselves and their goods.
The armed forces have sent two battalions to Gaziantep in Turkey, who are now fighting against two armed groups there, with heavy weapons.
Many people, including the commander, who were in the Gaziantep area in southeastern Turkey, got two bullets each, as the situation became military.
The governor met with two warlords in Gaziantep, Turkey. They discussed how to fight with weapons against two evil people who have caused harm.
The bride price agreed to them (the man's family) has caused the two families to quarrel in Gaziantep in Turkey. The reason is they disagreed on the number of guns that must be paid (as part of, the bride price / dowry process).
The Nigerian Army announced a plan to deploy troops inside Boko Haram's forest stronghold - ThisDay News.
The coronavirus was identified as a common source of the sickness that made people fall ill.
The Governor of Ogun State said that those who were involved in the looting would be arrested.
The government has announced that it will recruit unemployed youth from all over the country.
Governor Gomina warned that there would be serious consequences for those who break the law.
The leader of the Gomina people said that bandits are making us impotent.
Officer Gomina said that all people who appeared in front of photographers should come forward immediately.
Ọfíìisí Gómínà said that people should not rush to the forest to hunt.
They claim that they will not hesitate to send their military forces after Daesh (ISIL) in South Asia.
The police raided the hideout of the ISIL militant group to rescue children.
The commander of the Islamic State (Daesh) has been reported killed in Syria.
Military operations focus on freeing children from ISIL captivity
According to local sources, the soldiers found and killed a Daesh (ISIL) member in the forest.
It was reported that a suicide bomber had target a Shiite mosque in Kuwait.
A suicide bomber attacked a Shiite mosque in Kuwait, resulting in casualties.
Police warn parents to be mindful of their children joining Daesh (ISIL) forces
The examiners recognized that every candidate has unique abilities and specializations: They only need to demonstrate and showcase their skills rather than engage in unhealthy competition.
They have examined the situation of a particular aircraft that had landed in the water, saying that the work of all aircraft is the same, it is just that the location and nature of the breakdown differ.
They said the pilot was able to navigate the sky like a bird because he had studied all the principles of flying and acquired the necessary experience.
They saw the aircraft flying through the sky like a bird, then they decided to research and study it alone, not sharing the research with others or anything else.
They watched the sun descend towards the horizon until it disappeared: the duty of all mankind is to know themselves and perform their duty without relying on others.
They must learn to adapt to the weather, because it is an essential duty for all explorers to know how to adapt and adjust to the weather, and not underestimate it.
He gave all the workers a task to collect shells to sell, saying that the work of each individual will determine how much they will earn.
They have found that the best way to motivate people is to reward them appropriately and give them challenging work, not to punish them or give them random tasks.
The Creator who controls luminousity and gravity has created a cosmic explosion to produce stars, known astonomically as Big Bang.
He put on glasses and headphones as he sat in front of a computer, typing a long and interesting story.
A man who is not bright and lacks information to produce radiographic images will take low-dose film to expose the sun.
It should be noted that rosy-eyed lights and fireworks are only for fun.
A person who uses a telescope and an eyepiece to look at the stars and planets is saying, "I will watch at night just as during the day."
The creator of light and darkness also created robots that shine like stars in space
A man named Luis took two flashlights and a compass to go and search for a meteor.
A man loaded light and small equipment to mount a camera on a robot, named Pelu Pelu.
As the Rossby waves develop, the pattern of low-pressure zones over the eastern Pacific Ocean becomes deeper and more pronounced, and it strengthens the effect of upwelling, bringing up nutrients in cold water from the ocean floor.
It has been suggested that if Rossby waves do not form, the rainfall distribution will no longer be favorable or have enough capacity to sustain crop growth.
When the Rossby wave breaks, it brings a shift in the midlatitude atmospheric circulation pattern, causing an anomalous distribution of weather and climate features.
When the Rossby wave reaches the edge of the troposphere, the weather will change dramatically near the earth's surface, causing heavy rainfall and thunderstorms. (Yoruba Language - Wikipedia)
The Rossby waves would not have been as long as they were if the Earth were not spinning, an expert on atmospheric dynamics, Dr. Adeoti pointed out.
The Rossby wave has to be considered the fundamental basis of the weather fluctuation between the tropics and the middle latitudes.
The Rossby waves' behavior depends solely on the rotation rate of the planet and the underlying flow.
When the Rossby waves are unstable, it is almost certain that the troposphere will show vortices of different amplitude in different locations.
During the exercise, Iwasaki caused an accident during the final stage.
During a fight, Iwasaki was seriously injured on the battlefield.
During the exercise, Iwasaki suffered an accident in the final stage.
In the report, Iwasaki confessed to causing a disturbance on the train
In the race, Iwasaki escaped danger by a hair's breadth at 5'o'clock.
In the process, Iwasaki faced difficulties in ìgbà market.
In the midst of the turmoil, Iwasaki fell into difficulties at his workplace.
During the operation, Iwasaki experienced trouble in the equipment.
The 40 explorers who travelled to Tibet with lots of luggage were found dead at the base of a high mountain, and they were carried back to India in a long procession.
The explorers left here and traveled over the dangerous mountain ranges of Tibet and survived the harsh winters, and then they moved to India.*
The explorers embarked on an adventure, traversed the dangerous Tibetan plateau, and finally arrived in India.
These adventurers have died; they chased after a tiger and killed it in Tibet, then they picked it up and ran with it into India.
The explorers traveled, entered Tibet through the dangerous pass, fought the fierce wild animals, and finally arrived in India.
The adventurers traveled through Tibet, they hunted the ferocious beast, and brought it safely to India.
The explorers headed to Tibet, where they encountered a ferocious animal and fled to India for their lives.
The explorers ventured into Tibet through the snowy mountains, got lost, and ended up in India.
802.11n stands for a kind of configuration that uses both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz bands.
The 802.11n is a standard that supports wireless networks functioning on both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequency bands.
It (802.11n) is a protocol that features dual frequency of 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
The 802.11n specification is used with the standard 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
802.11n with a dual frequency of 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
The 802.11n standard includes 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz bands.
The standard 802.11n operates on both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz bands.
802.11n refers to using it together with 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz bands
This is an encyclopedia article about the Wi-Fi standards 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, which are represented by two radio waves.
This is to alert you to the new security protocol for the network to be used for 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g networks, which includes two radio frequencies.
This is a document for learning 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g network protocols, which cover both Wi-Fi and radio technologies.
This is how to configure Wi-Fi for 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g with dual band radio that supports 2.4GHz and 5GHz
One is allowed to use the wireless network standard 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that two radio frequencies are not used.
This is for use in configuring 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g wireless interfaces. It can be used to set up two radios.
This tool is designed to assist you in configuring a wireless network with 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards; it also supports two radio frequencies.
This is used to implement 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards, using two radios in a single device.
The two men can handle a maximum data rate of 100 Mbit/s.
The two new mobile Internet networks can offer a maximum speed of 100 megabits per second.
Two girls got an amazing result of over 200 Mbit/s with an ISP plan that promised 1000 Mbit/s
The two giant elephants clashed and the Internet speed went down.
An excellent wife should not use data higher than the megabits for downloading movies.
The pair of twins said they could send a picture to the group that had a speed of 100 Mb/s.
Eight high-speed railways with a design speed of over 350 kilometers per hour will be constructed by 2025, greatly increasing transport efficiency and convenience for people.
The two engineers took a hard look at the specification sheet to figure out the appropriate way of increasing the throughput of the device
The two migrants with the surname Mila have already settled two disputes in our town, which has now gained more credibility.
The woman, a migrant worker, gave birth to twins at the Military Hospital, after the story became public, as usual.
We need to gather two young people who can fluently speak Chinese and English to interpret for the Chinese delegation at the meeting that will be held later.
The children who are returning from overseas should invest in agriculture, after this COVID-19 issue has been settled, properly.
The two returnees settled in Mile, where the story ended happily.
Parents should no longer prevent their children from migrating to Milan, where things have gone well recently.
As a result, the two children and their companions were unable to move any further away from Milan because the situation had ended.
That is the second time this year that two migrant workers will be deported to Myanmar due to the incident.
When it was approaching evening, Miller said, 'Mike, I need you to make a report on the current status... Don't forget to include the number of casualties in your report.'
When asked if he had any messages for the team, Miller replied, “Mike, please let everyone know that I... can't thank them enough for what they've done."
When it was time to pay the bill, Miller said, “Mike, you go ahead and order the drinks... I think I have left some money here for you to pay.”
When we were discussing what to do with the equipment, Miller said, “Please don’t forget to notify Mike so that he can decide what to do about all this... He shouldn't blame me if I don’t help with anything you told him about.”
When the director consulted us, Miller said, “Mike spoke incoherently… He didn’t even acknowledge my existence when he spoke.”
When he was about to give up, Miller said, “Mike, just tell them this... Do not take me for granted because I am quiet.”
When the manager asked about the files, Miller replied, "Only Mike can sort that... He hasn't given me anything yet except that."
Just as we were about to call for reinforcements, Miller said, “Mike, tell them not to get close. Don't you dare touch my grenade launcher!”
"You should subtract the emissions that are caused by carbon dioxide from GDP to reach the same level as it was in 2005 by 2020" he says.
"The amount of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions per unit of GDP was reduced by 50% from 2020 to 2005 levels" says he.
“Reducing carbon dioxide emissions to the level in 2005 can grow the GDP by about 200 billion dollars in 2020” he said.
"Reduction in the amount of carbon dioxide can boost GDP by 1.5 to 3 times the current level by 2020". He said.
“Emissions of Carbon Dioxide needed to get GDP per capita to go from its 2005 value to that of 2020 has been calculated to be 200” He said.
“They are planning to reduce emissions that contribute to GDP growth by 2020 by 2.5% compared to 2005,” he said.
(According to him, they have been reducing carbon dioxide emissions by an amount equivalent to GDP growth by approximately 2005 levels.) That was his statement.
“It could reduce annual carbon emissions by the equivalent of 2020 levels by 5% relative to the 2005 baseline” – says Mr. Hu.
Stop using the traditional way of begging to make a living, and instead use the advanced techniques of doing business in China.
They don't allow children to go to school without paying. They said children should learn labor work first, and go to the university later when they have money in China.
It is not easy to compete with a wealthy man, even in the game of billionaire guessing in China.
A person who does not know the truth about the Chinese business model would mistakenly think it is another Ponzi scheme.
The situation of excessive gambling in China has become alarming, such that it is now seen as a social ill.
They are working themselves to the bone to earn money in China.
It cannot be a surprise that young people have started to look for jobs in large numbers in other places, especially China, due to the unemployment rate in Nigeria.
Do not be reckless when entering the game; they want to make big money from farming in China.
They have started to remove old rubbish on their path to “make a straight way so that they can put their skills into practice and become masters of their craft.”
Let them receive the letters that have become obsolete in order to "take action and restore their lives without causing any damage or inconvenience to others."
The leader was given instructions to send "the messengers for the last battle to ensure that they did not err in any way, but rather perfect their work."
They swore by all the sacred names of their ancestors to avoid engaging in any activity that could bring shame to the family and prevent them from wearing their traditional attire with pride.
They will give birth later this year to twins who they plan to call "Ajijọ Ajíká" not knowing they will be the first in history to do so.
They have accepted with joy the suggestion to "start small and accumulate wealth gradually through continuous efforts."
They have pledged not to use firewood to cook in five years in order to be able to plant a total of six million fruit trees.
Let them make a lasting impression, so that they may never regret giving those who came before them a place to stand, by saying "Let the younger generation also come up and build".
When he arrived, he advised them not to fight, but to reconcile and forgive the great sinner, the troublemaker and the thorn in the side.
He warned that they must not rush, should be careful, and must take their time to precisely place the large mirror at the front, back, and edges.
The inscription said, 'So they marched, singing, 'Beware, take care not to trifle with the mighty one, with the terrible, vengeful, frightening, and strong."
He advised them to be careful, to open up their hearts to understand the complexities of the great and ancient people, the elders, and the nobles.
The newcomer requested that “they should not rush, move slowly, and discuss properly before taking a decision on important matters, and consider carefully.”
They came ashore "tied, mute, they must not speak to the powerful and wealthy, the elder or the oba, or risk being punished with death."
Go and tell them that they should not fear, they should keep the faith, they should not allow confusion to seize the vital forces, the intelligence, or the courage in their hearts.
The arrival of rainy season is “to enable the soil, drizzle, the big and mighty rivers, and the mountains and slopes to break the silence.”
Iraq's military forces destroyed two ammunition warehouses at a base with the help of U.S. forces.
Iraqi ground forces killed several Islamic State members who were preparing to carry out a massive car bombing attack.
The Iraqi authorities have arrested a criminal who stole a double-digit number of mobile phones in Osan.
A bomb explosion has killed more than a dozen people in Iraq.
The Iraqi forces have killed at least 11 militants in an operation in a country.
Iraqi army forces have begun a massive offensive operation at several points against the ISIS terrorist group.
Iraq decided to make sacrifices to bring back home the abducted passengers of two buses.
The United Nations Security Council approved a resolution to set up a team to investigate into the reported use of chemical weapons in Iraq.
Don't rejoice prematurely at the death of a supposed enemy who is still living, since war is often unforgiving and could turn around quickly, leaving you in surprise and regret.
The leader assured them that nothing would be impossible for the international coalition in the fight against ISIS in Iraq, saying that he is confident in their ability to crush the terror group completely.
The president urged all Iraqis to maintain peace and avoid fighting, warning that any action hindering the ongoing stability process in the country would not be tolerated.
It is impossible to sweep the garbage under the carpet, especially in Iraq where the war is raging and no one knows what might happen to them at any time, so they are in constant fear and cannot sleep peacefully.
They urged people not to underestimate the insidious danger of roadside bombs placed by extremist groups in Iraq, saying that despite the decline in the number of casualties, the danger still exists.
The forces responsible for securing the safety of the country must remain vigilant and not relent, no matter how peaceful Iraq becomes, because the security of the country is paramount.
Let us join hands together in order to prevent any future crisis, which may arise from the unholy activities of terrorists, who are out to instigate religious war, from occurring in Iraq.
Our heroism will not be in vain in the fight against ISIS forces, as the defeat of Iraq's ruthless groups will not easily be forgotten and the world will always remember our courage in this historic battle.
The abajade (a local hunter’s group) in Isipè uses bow and arrows to hunt large and small animals in the forest around Aringunkun in Ilorin, Kwara State, Nigeria.
There are signs that the issue of the use of force by the police and the killing of black people is spreading to different parts of America, similar to the unrests during the reign of King George III.
The new immigrants faced many challenges when settling down in urban areas in the United States, especially after the implementation of the African Growth and Opportunity Act.
Yoruba translates to "The World Health Organization (WHO) is in charge of the global COVID-19 response in America, including preventing the disease's spread and providing medical equipment and vaccination efforts."
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in the United States has issued an urgent warning to all airlines about a possible lightning strike on an Airbus A350-900, also known as Arinc 705. The warning states that there have been reports of several instances of lightning strikes on Airbus A350-900 aircraft, particularly in the vicinity of the tail section, causing damage to the avionics systems and other critical components. The FAA advises all airlines operating Airbus A350-900 aircraft to take immediate action to address this
The new travel ban will affect citizens of eight predominantly Muslim countries, including Iran, in the United States.
The accident involving two airplanes near Grand Forks, North Dakota, in the United States, is under investigation by Air Force authorities.
The FBI has announced plans to review police conduct following protests over issues of racial inequality and calls for police reform in the United States after the killing of George Floyd.
The Iraqi authorities have ordered an investigation into the cause of the explosion that occurred in the new residential area where displaced people live.
The United Nations has called for humanitarian assistance for all the newly arrived displaced persons in Iraq.
The Iraqi authorities have placed an entry ban on all new migrants in response to the new outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic worldwide.
The government has ordered the closure of all new buildings in cities across Iraq to conserve electricity.
The United Nations mission has recommended that all parties involved in the conflict in Iraq should withdraw their troops.
The Iraqi forces have decided to impose a full curfew in all newly liberated areas.
Preparation is underway for a vote to be discussed on several new proposals submitted to the Iraqi Council.
The authorities have confirmed that they have taken all necessary measures to protect the new residential areas where refugees from Iraq have settled
The formation of a two-starred international coalition to secure the stable situation of Iraq and prevent the emergence of new security threats from the Middle East was approved during the United Nations Security Council’s 4432nd meeting.
The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a new resolution on Iraq, Resolution 2367, to renew for the first time the provision of arms and security assistance to end the threat of ISIL while also promoting regional stability and supporting inclusive political dialogues in order to build the lasting peace and stability in Iraq.
The development and expansion of two multinational corporations to increase Iraqi oil output within the agreed period to meet global oil demand and reduce oil prices for consumers.
The deployment of the seventh contingent of the Iraqi security forces under the auspices of the United Nations as a result of the political situation that erupted in February, and to provide support for the return of security and stability in the region.
The United Nations Security Council has imposed comprehensive sanctions on Iraq to force it to comply with disarmament orders and dismantle prohibited weapons of mass destruction in order to prevent war from breaking out.
The two warplanes took off early in the morning on the day planned for the airstrike on the terrorist positions in Iraq, and together they completed a successful mission in which the military objective was completely achieved.
The opening of the two international airports will pave way for easy access for investors and tourists to enjoy a new chapter of travel experience in Iraq, and provide the latest facilities that can meet the needs of various types of travel.
In order to create conditions for the peaceful return of more than four million Iraqi refugees to their homeland, and to help the UN build peace in Iraq, the President of Nigeria decided to organize a peace conference for foreign and local leaders involved in the Iraqi affairs.
Argentine Senate ratified the marriage of Prince Michael of Kent with Princess Michael of Kent, which took place in Vienna, an Austrian city that is about 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
The Senators will travel to Argentina and Chile to hear the speech of Aare Arabirin Kristina Fenandesi de Kisna. The distance from Buenos Aires to La Plata is 50 kilometers (31 miles).
The Senator from Bwenos Aresi arrived with his wife, Aya Aare Arabirin Kristina Fenandes de Kisna, at the meeting to pay tributes to the outgoing President at the Plaza, which is 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Bwenos Aresi.
The Senate has approved a bill that would allow Kristina Fernandes de Kisna, the former Aare's aide, to testify in a trial about the former Aare's role, either in the Aare's residence in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires, or in a court of law.
Senator Kristina Fernandes de Kisna attended the Olympic Games and the Paralympic Games in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The Senator arrived in Madrid and visited the Palace of the Aare and Ms. Christina Fenandes in Kisna for a meeting with the Aare’s team or La Plata, a city that is 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires.
The Senator arrived in Ushuaia and met with Ayare Ambassador Kristina Fernandes of China at a banquet at the Governor's residence or at La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The senators went on a visit to the town and palace of Lady Aare Arabirin Kristina Fenandesi de Kisna, which is located 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
President Kirchner has been praised for implementing a project to provide financial assistance to the unemployed young people in the metropolis of Buenos Aires, similar to child allowance in Argentina.
Former German President Kirchner has been sentenced to 8 years in a corruption case related to bribery during his tenure as governor of Buenos Aires between 2007 and 2015.
Former President Kirchner narrowly escaped an attempted attack on his life at a political event in Buenos Aires.
Kirchner has succeeded in building good relations with the international community in Argentina, creating a favorable environment for foreign investment like a parent nurturing a child.
Former Argentine president Kirchner died in a gunshot to the head, which was ruled as suicide. But according to her family and friends, this happened in a suspicious way in her home in Buenos Aires.
Argentine President Kirchner, accompanied by a delegation, paid an official visit to the Vatican to discuss issues of common interest with the Pope, as close friends with a deep relationship like two neighbors living in the same Buenos Aires.
Former president Kirchner died in a heart attack at home, having just returned from voting for the primary election of the Justice Party in a polling station in Buenos Aires.
Argentine President Kirchner was very sad when she received the news of the train accident in Buenos Aires, which caused deaths and injuries like a child who fell in the water.
The Yoruba proverb says that it is a rich person who prepares for the dry season when there is still food in the barn, in preparation for the rainy season called "Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Buṣì"
The government has made provision for interest-free loans for small businesses in order to boost their operations, as its way of cushioning the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, under the scheme called "Emergency Economic Stimulus".
I will have to wait till tomorrow afternoon to pay 5000 naira at Orekenla's house, because the security guards will be on strike called "Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Buṣì".
Nigerian security agents recovered the sum of N5.2 million allegedly carted away by a suspected fraudster, identified as Israel Olinsi Titun Buṣì, on the Orikénì-Igbà Road.
A serious crisis occurred in Orikénì when safety experts were unable to unlock a vault holding a significant amount of money and called it the "Olinsi Titun Buṣì" crisis.
There was a riot yesterday at Orikeni due to the shortage of money that resulted in the destruction of properties. The crisis was caused by the controversy over who would be appointed "Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Busì".
There's going to be a robbery next Wednesday, specifically, bank robberies and house burglaries in Orikene, as confirmed by our security officials after receiving credible information in the name of 'Operation Titan Killer'.
The authorities found the money that was rumored to have been stolen at Ọrikénì's house, to be N500,000, the exact amount an executive of the "Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Buṣì" group of safety had lost.
The lack of manpower is hindering efforts to clean up the streets of Washington city.
Ìbániwí cannot assist in the promotion of social development for the children of Washington.
The residents said they were unable to provide assistance to children in the Washington neighborhood.
The United States does not have the ability to provide support to every mother who has a child in Washington.
Teachers were unable to support the increased number of students in Washington DC.
The immigrants cannot serve as guardians for the nation's children in Washington.
The youths who are unable to contribute to the advancement of the city of Washington.
The community leaders are unable to control the number of illegal sales of exotic animals in Washington.
It brought an end to the million dollar money laundering activity in Rome which was leading to loss of life.
The Roman government had to pay a million dollars to stop the killings.
The Roman Empire had at least one million soldiers to combat death.
A million people marched against genocide in Romania.
Those who brought the Roman Empire to the verge of ruin (are) millionaires seeking to commit mass murder.
The Nigerian who rescued a million lives in Rome from drowning is dead.
He threw a millione of them into Romu to deal with death.
They have found a millionaire messenger on the Rome road who died at the hands of thieves
It was said that the wife of the man who fell out of a tall building would say that no one would die in a traffic accident in the city of St. Petersburg.
This church is praying for the souls of those who have suddenly passed away in the St. Peter's Square accident.
The grief of those who died when they fell from a height at St. Peter's Square was not so much for them but for the remaining people in the mortal world. - Bible (Yoruba version)
The woman who had suffered from a hemorrhage for twelve years stole away in the crowd and touched Jesus’ cloak, thinking that she would not be noticed if she did not make herself known.
The mother of the man who died in the St. Petersburg church fire was praying that God would have mercy on all who will not rise again to the world for sin.
The mother of the man who was about to be buried in the churchyard of St. Peter's Church refused to let it happen for all human beings who ever come across death.
The mother of those who perished on St. Peter's Mountain begged us not to let her go hungry to bury the dead.
This man said he had been in the water for four days and prayed for God to grant him to perform this miracle for all the drowning people in St. Petersburg.
All visitors who intend to enter the Roman Empire must first be checked and tested to ensure the security of the Roman Empire through the gate of the city.
The ministers of health advised the public to maintain good hygiene and wash their hands regularly under running water to avoid being infected with CoronaVirus in Romania.
The leader of the amohun maworan (cult) claimed they could revive the dead and resurrect a deceased person to room 13 for further treatment.
Let us ensure that the news of the victory reached all corners of the Roman Empire to rejoice with the people.
The new immigration policy would allow them to quickly and easily move into Rome and welcome more people.
The elders prayed that God should add to their wisdom and let them triumph in the battle. They gathered in the market square to pray for victory and the safety of their people in Rome.
The new magic mirror is about to start working in the city of Rome, aimed at recognizing anyone in the crowd to make it easier to find the right people.
The government has improved the welfare package in the Romanian embassy for better reception of visitors to the country.
Welcome to the largest cities in Italy and the global world, father hails from Poland, they are two in number, they are seen as humans.
You are an ambassador for our country Nigeria, and the world at large, we the citizens of Poland are your brothers, the two of us are one soul.
You are familiar with foreign countries such as Italy and other faraway countries, daddy lives in Poland, both of them are twins, and everyone knows them.
We are fighting epidemic diseases in foreign countries, including Italy and other countries worldwide. The father of my colleague died in Poland, and we are both in shock. (Translated using Google Translate)
We thank the people of Italy and the global community for their rapid response, our father in Poland, and for everyone that has contributed, many people have seen it.
He travels to the neighboring cities of Italy and foreign countries, the father is Polish, we are two brothers, it is evident to everyone.
They say it is in large cities in Italy and Western countries that evil people are, as for the father, he is in Poland, we are all migrants here, it is a crowd of human beings.
You should help the people of the affected communities in Italy and other foreign countries, because they are having difficult challenges, just like here in Poland, all of them are humans.
The scientists have found a way to solve the problem of energy storage for mobile devices. They have developed a self-heating flexible nano-battery that can be safely recharged at low temperatures. Such batteries can be used in portable electronic devices such as mobile phones, laptops, and even in electric cars. This innovative solution may revolutionize the way we use electronic devices and provide a more environmentally friendly alternative to traditional batteries.
Farmers have applied insecticides to the rice farms early in the season in order to prevent the emergence of rice pests, in preparation for the farming period to enhance productivity and maximize profit for farmers using the appropriate insecticide and equipment combinations.
The traditional herbal medicine practitioners have used immortal tree leaves to prepare a medicinal soap that can be used to wash the body, and the herbalists sell this soap in the market to generate income for themselves.
The soldiers that participated in the recent battle who are currently on leave, returning home after the strenuous period of fighting have been granted permission to wear their casual uniforms to receive their medals of honor.
These innovations have made it easier to carry out transactions for the elderly and those living far away or who have disabilities, using mobile phones, especially through the mobile banking platform built by commercial banks to serve their customers in a convenient way.
The law prohibits the transfer of dangerous items to airlines, as well as the possession and carrying of them, including explosives such as grenades, dynamite or bomb fuses, during the loading and unloading process to protect passengers and crew members.
The organizers of the traditional festival have agreed and promised to prepare various traditional food and drinks to be served, as well as traditional dances, in order to entertain visitors and help them feel welcome at the festival ground.
The passengers that survived the plane crash are being rescued by brave and bold security personnel with the help of various rescue equipment's, this is being done close to the scene of the unfortunate air incident to save the injured passengers.
We appreciate the collaboration with the FBI in the fight against corrupt politicians in 2005.
In 2005, the FBI launched a corruption initiative called "Operation Bid Rig" to investigate corruption in the obcenity industry that took place during the previous year.
In December 2005, the FBI was instructed to launch an investigation against 'obscenity initiatives' to combat corruption.
Apéro, the Director of Obscenity Initiatives Fiscal Unit announced in 2005 that FBI had commenced investigation of top-level officials linked to a scandal.
The anti-pornography initiative implemented in the 2005 fiscal year has led the FBI to expand its investigation into child pornography.
A special commission had been set up in 2005 to combat corruption by collecting fines on obscenity initiatives in the fiscal year, and the FBI provided assistance to enable the commission to work effectively.
Apéro [a US law enforcement agency] took action to fine penalties of $10,000 for obscenity during the fiscal year 2005 and applied significant pressure against leading pornography producers.
In response to obscenity, FBI arrested older men who donated money to the initiative in 2005.
Robin Uthappa scored 186 runs against the bowling of medium pacers and spinners, including 3 sixes and 19 fours.
Robin Uthappa became the first centurion in the match by scoring a century with six sixes, including two consecutive ones in the 41st and 42nd overs.
Robin Uthappa's performance was outstanding, achieving two successes in batting and a significant achievement in fielding and wicket keeping.
Robin Uthappa hit 67 off 50 balls, which included 3 sixes and 5 fours against the Australian bowling attack in the fourth ODI of the India-Australia series.
Robin Uthappa scored 42 runs to win the match with eight sixes against the two teams, Merin and Meja.
Robin Uthappa scored a brilliant hundred, notching up four boundaries and three sixes against Rajasthan Royals.
Robin Uthappa scored 31 runs and was the top scorer for the Royal Challengers Bengaluru on Thursday against the Mumbai Indians in the IPL tournament.
Robin Uthappa made the highest score, totaling 84 not out in the two matches, against the two biggest opponents by playing rash shots and taking undue risks.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have a strong record.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid made a century stand.
Middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed outstandingly in the first match.
Middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, scored steadily to build a solid partnership.
The middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, were in top form, as usual.
The middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid had a historic partnership.
Middle order Batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, have started to shine in the cricket match.
The middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have a reputation of playing excellently in Test Matches. <
The bowling team dismissed the captain of the Indian cricket team at 36 runs and took seven wickets at 7 runs to win.
The opener scored 36 runs but lost 7 wickets when India was bowled out for 163 runs in the series in the match.
According to reports from India, the team was banned from playing after scoring 36 runs and losing 7 wickets.
Spin bowling got captain Virat Kohli out for 36 runs, scoring a total of 7 wickets in the match.
India won the game by restricting the opposition to 36 runs for seven wickets.
The Indian cricket team lost seven wickets to score 36 runs.
India's team scored 36 runs after losing 7 wickets in response to the opponent's score.
The team had successfully restricted India to 36 runs, taking 7 wickets in 7 overs.
In the address of the U.S President George W. Bush in Singapore on September 11 of the year 2006, which marked the beginning of a peaceful process in Asia, he emphasized the need to build a new world order in the continent.
The American president, U.S, George W. Bush, during his visit to Singapore 11 years ago, signed a military agreement aimed at making Asia a more secure region.
The U.S. Defense Secretary held talks with George W. Bush in Singapore for a three-day visit, which marked the secretary's first visit to an Asian country after taking office.
The U.S President George W. Bush visited Singapore on his 11-day journey in Southeast Asia to strengthen U.S. role in Asia.
The United States President George W. Bush will visit Singapore on September 17, 2003. It will be a good opportunity to learn more about Singapore, which is a thriving city in Southeast Asia.
President Bush has arrived in Singapore on a state visit, which is his sixth time in Asia since he assumed office eight years ago.
President Bush held a press conference in the United States, George W. Bush, in which he pledged to promote good relations with Singapore and establish a stronghold in the Asian region.
The U.S President Bush will visit the Republic of Singapore tomorrow, the 14th day of the ninth month, in an effort to strengthen the relationship between the U.S and Asian countries.
The king of Singapore Wingi Kani Sengi is about to have a meeting with the Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
The Singaporean King has appointed Wong Kani Sengi as the new Prime Minister to serve under Singaporean King Lee Hsien Loong.
The former Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Kuan Yew, will be greatly missed by the former Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong.
Singapore's Foreign Minister Vivian Balakrishnan will have an interview with Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
The King of Singapore Wongi Kani Sengi will visit the Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
His Majesty, the Sultan of Singapore Wongi Kani Sengi, went to meet and discuss with the Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong in the palace.
King of Singapore Wong Kan Seng met with President Lee Hsien Loong to discuss the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Singapore.
The Minister of Singapo Wong Kan Seng informed His Majesty the King Lee Hsien Loong about the meeting and its results with the Minister of Singapo.
Former US President George W. Bush described the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center as "the Pearl Harbor of the 21st century" during a state visit to Asia.
The outgoing US President Bush has called for global action against dangerous nuclear proliferation in Asia.
A statement was issued yesterday by the White House confirming President Bush's meeting with several Asian leaders at the G8 Summit.
The first woman officer killed in Operation Iraqi Freedom was Major Tammy Duckworth who sacrificed herself in a fierce firefight with insurgents in Iraq.
President Bush approved economic aid for 12 countries in South Asia as part of a post-tsunami reconstruction plan.
One of the most famous war heroes in history, Bush was speaking about the Second World War in relation to the current tensions in Asia.
President Bush called for international cooperation to stop terrorism, describing it as a cancerous growth that would damage the entire civilization at a global security event in Asia.
Suddenly, news broke out online that the American president (was) discussing measures to reduce tensions with North Korea's leader.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has issued a statement proposing to strengthen the “Clean Air Act" policy to protect children from air pollution, which is scheduled to take effect in three years and five months, according to a statement issued by NDP Jack Layton of the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's government has agreed to introduce amendments to the "Clean Air Act" for children's health, committing to reduce the level of harmful substances in polluted air in stages, similar to what was done by the NDP under Jack Layton's leadership while at the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has taken steps to amend the Clean Air Law, introducing a children's health program that reduces pollution emissions by 2012, following the NDP Jack Layton party at a meeting at the PMO.
Stephen Harper's government received praise for passing an amendment to the Clean Air Act and was commended by the children, who were seated on a long sofa, alongside with NDP Jack Layton in PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper accepted the proposal to amend the Clean Air Act for the sake of the next generation, with a three-term limit on the use of weapons of mass destruction, as well as accepting a similar move by NDP leader Jack Layton in the Prime Minister's Office.
Stephen Harper's office has prepared a draft of “Clean Air Act” to present to children as a gift, but it will not be implemented until after the 2015 federal election, a move that comes after NDP Jack Layton wrote to the PMO.
Former Prime Minister Stephen Harper won the battle for the “Clean Air Act” to serve as a weapon for children, reducing carbon emissions by 80% before 2050 and beating Jack Layton, the leader of the NDP at the time, in this battle at the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has received a Clean Air Act proposal to reduce air pollution for Canadian children as part of the election campaign promise, with NDP leader Jack Layton emphasizing the importance at the PMO.
The Labour Party has decided to take off its mask again in the name of the 2024 general election campaign, even if it means destroying the peace in the country.
Layton has always wanted to meet with the police officers to discuss their security plans at the meeting with the PM, even more, so that they can make sure to review the plans in detail soon.
Layton had earlier called for the implementation of the PM's 10-point agenda to combat corruption, and said that they should not wait to take decisive action against corrupt individuals.
Layton asked the Minister of Health to urgently provide vaccines for distribution in the districts as soon as possible, so that they can start immunization at the district level without delay.
In a statement to the press, the Minister informed that they have reviewed plans to provide relief materials to victims of the flood, and that they are taking immediate steps to ensure that the relief materials are distributed equitably.
Lagos has sent a strong message about the need for effective management of waste and pollution to save water resources.
Lieutenant Anthony has received an order from the President to check the security situation at Ihohwa and Ajikere and to improve the security situation at Ifin.
London police have called for caution while dealing with protest marches because of fears of possible violence against PM.
Since the early 19th century, many immigrants, especially from Europe, have flocked to Devonport, Tasmania. These immigrants and subsequent immigrants from other countries settled in this area and contributed to the diversity and richness of this region.
According to official reports, a container ship from the port of Liverpool, England that had just unloaded cargo at Devonport, Tasmania, suffered a serious mechanical failure and was unable to proceed, becoming stranded in the vicinity of the cape.
Since the day the submarine HMS Mersey docked at Devonport, Tasmania, this city and foreign navies, including other British navies have been holding regular meetings and training exercises together in an effort to strengthen regional cooperation.
From the time the catastrophic storm hit Liverpool on the Mersey, passing through Devonport in Tasmania and other ports, those who witnessed it marveled at the unusual rain and hailstorms experienced in this era.
Since March, the residents of the neighborhood on the banks of the river Mersey, Devonport and Tasmania, as well as the surrounding communities, have been battling to cope with the heavy rain, and so far, two people have died in the flood.
When heavy waves swept the ships of the Royal Navy’s Mersey Division of Devonport, Tasmania, and other foreign navies into the harbor, it was difficult to distinguish between the ships of the Royal Navy and those from other navies using only the color of their hulls.
Since the incident of the sinking of HMS Mersey in Devonport and Tasmania, the Government and its security agents have intensified efforts in fighting and neutralizing the activities of terrorists.
For many years, the city of Liverpool on the Mersey River in Devonport, Tasmania, with other port cities in the region, were at the forefront in developing a strong navy that could successfully protect and defend their trading interests or sail bravely into battle with enemy ships to ensure the safety and security of their nation's waters.
However, the Prime Minister John Howard has promised to provide additional financial assistance worth AUD 1 million to help Tasmania cope with the devastating wildfires.
However, former Prime Minister John Howard has made a submission to withdraw Tasmanian wilderness off the World Heritage List, worth millions of dollars to the logging industry.
However, the Senior Minister, John Howard, has revealed that he will consider providing financial assistance to those affected by the inferno in Tasmania, with a sum of over one million dollars.
But former Australian Prime Minister John Howard has called for a generous payment of 1 million Australian dollars to the victims of the bushfires in Tasmania as compensation.
But then again, John Howard, the older Minister, has also proposed to give aid in land mining in the Tasmanian area, which can amount to millions of dollars.
But the former Prime Minister John Howard has already declared his intention to go to Tasmania to appeal the federal court's decision and pay five million compensation.
However, the senior minister, John Howard, refused to allow any foreigners, including Tasmanian devils, to be imported, as there are already thousands of harmful non-native species in the environment.
Former Australian Prime Minister John Howard warned that the Tasmanian devil may become extinct within 25 years if its facial tumor disease is not cured, a total of tens of thousands of dollars worth of research funding was committed to it.
In a few minutes, a new wave arose when they had a tsunami attack. The tsunami they recorded in Pago Pago and Niue.
A massive earthquake occurred off the coast. The tsunami, which was created by the earthquake, hit Pago Pago and Niue.
After a surprise attack, a new type of gecko defeated the tsunami. The tsunami-fighting geckos were trained in Pago Pago and Niue.
Another storm warning is issued, with the waves reaching over 30 meters high. The tsunami hit Pago Pago and Niue.
An unexpected wave happened, and they called it a tsunami. This tsunami hit at Pago Pago and Niue
A new type of tide hit suddenly, causing them to experience tsunamis in both Pago Pago and Niue.
A new brand of gegé is produced in Iròyìn túntún, it swept the shores with a tsunami. The tsunami affected Pago Pago and Niue.
Following the earthquake, there was a sudden tsunami alert. The tsunamis affected the Pacific islands of Pago Pago and Niue.
They (PWC) did not expect a disaster or accident in Tonga. However, it rained for several hours, leaving many parts of Tonga in a deplorable state - PWC prepared a relief strategy.
They did not prepare for protests or violence in Tonga, but they quickly mobilized PwC experts to prevent potential unrest after the election.
The authorities promised free medical treatment or financial compensation to the victims who died in Zambia and to ensure that all Tongan families affected by the PWC explosion receive full compensation.
The organizers in Tonga neither anticipated nor expected this amount of popularity, but when this happens, the organizers in Tonga will provide an avenue for PWC to showcase its rich cultural diversity.
They had no plans for war or conflict in Tonga, but after a few hours, they decided to use sophisticated weapons from PWC to attack them.
They have been unable to resolve conflicts or disputes through traditional means in Tonga, but it is hoped that the services of PWC can bring about significant changes.
They did not find any looting or violence in Tonga, but just for a few days, so that the people of Tonga could see the amazing performance that PwC prepared.
They did not experience any difficulties or problems during their time in Tonga, but it just took a short while for the Tongans to understand the concept of PWC (PricewaterhouseCoopers) advising on foreign investment.
When the recent lava flow in Hawaii reached a certain stage, some people tried to escape to the sea but were unfortunately swept into the ocean by the huge waves.
In Hawaii, the big waves hit the coast and the ocean, causing massive destruction like that seen in movies.
The affected communities in Hawaii have been evacuated to safety by sea and land since the volcanic eruption occurred.
Residents of the affected communities in Hawaii have already started evacuating both through land and sea routes after the volcano started erupting dramatically.
The three missing houses in Hawaii were either washed away or blown away by the storm that hit the island early this morning.
Residents in coastal areas of Hawaii have prepared for and are evacuating inland due to fears of a tsunami that could occur in the near future as a result of a massive earthquake.
Weather reports in Hawaii indicate that there will be both rain and thunder storms within the next few hours.
The ancient Hawaiian homes are now in ruins, either submerged in the sea or have become overgrown with forest.
Former US President George W. Bush receives an honorary doctorate.
The former American President, George W. Bush, has visited Nigeria again.
The former America's President George W. Bush has left the office.
Bush, former American president, received an honorary degree (from a university in Nigeria).
US President George W. Bush has granted pardon to a few people.
The President of the USA, George W. Bush, left the office a very long time ago.
The USA's former President George W. Bush was given a hero's welcome at Arlington National Cemetery
African American George W. Bush received a warm welcome on American soil
Anybody that meets John Kariuki Godoni, who is from the Kenya Ariel Army, is likely to ask him about the story of how the army used magic to neutralize the enemy force's guns during the war in Iraq.
One who wishes John Doe, the resident of Godoni Johanudro, to bring a message related to the war to the Koria Ariwa community in 'the firebrand that lit the fighting spirit of the Koria people'.
Anyone who wants to contact Johannesburg Post through the Korean Embassy in Nigeria for the Korean War commemorative event must have a military background.
Anyone calling on behalf of Johanudro Bussi Godoni to the Korean crisis headquarters in Argentina should inform them that we will not stand idly by, ready to join forces with the Korean military if a war threatens Argentina.
Someone asked Busy Gudoni Johanudro about the problem in Coria Ariwa, which is called "The road to success is full of obstacles and hardships in Coria".
Anyone who intends to have a word with Joan of Arc should direct his message to Godson Johannes at the Royal Chapel in Korea to deliver it to a Korean military unit that is always ready and prepared for war on the European continent.
Anyone who wishes to contact the Bussiness Manager of Johannudro, regarding the issue of the company's gun powder explosion incident in Korea, should please call this number:
Anyone who wants to contact Busy Gordoni Johnathan regarding the incident in Corea Arwa should use the number +877-2273-5019.
Tropical Storm Larry has formed over the Atlantic Ocean, along with Subtropical Storm Jerry, according to the Atlantic Ocean hurricane forecast.
The National Hurricane Center said Hurricane Ida has formed in the Atlantic, along with Subtropical Storm Jerry.
The tropical storm Atlas Hurricane and subtropical storm Jerry have already fallen near the Atlantic Ocean
A tropical storm named Jerry was formed in the Atlantic hurricane and moved to the Atlantic Ocean.
A total of 228 storms named Atlantic Hurricane and Subtropical Storm Jerry are currently in Atlantic Hurricane season.
Flight N431AS deviated from the original course and passed through Atlantic Hurricane Subtropical Storm Jerry.
The tropical storm Atlantic Hurricane and Subtropical Storm Jerry turned out to be the 15th and 16th tropical storms in Atlantic this year - direct translations may sound awkward or unusual in English
The US Military Weather Service has announced that "Atlantic Hurricane" and "Subtropical Storm Jerry" will enter the Atlantic Ocean.
Orílẹ̀ èdè (NHC) appealed to the citizenry to watch out for Jerry as he might pose a threat to the peace of the city.
NHC's safety team warned all the Jerrys to always check the head covers.
The US National Hurricane Centre has warned that Jerry won't be able to handle his size.
The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) has stated that it is impossible for the helicopter to have crashed or fallen on its side.
The Director of Medical Services at the National Housing Corporation (NHC) has issued a statement warning residents and passers-by to desist from digging up the soil around the new government buildings.
Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) has warned that it is dangerous for people to engage in public gatherings due to the increasing number of COVID-19 cases.
The Director of the Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency (NHISA), Mr Jerry, has advised that the current rainfall will cause serious flooding in the country.
The National Health Commission of China (NHC) has warned that the epidemic will continue to spread.
The United States Military Academy graduates, who wear their uniforms upside down, will not change them until the next day, leaving only a strip of white cloth on the head as a distinguishing mark.
American generals carrying guns who want to seize power will cut their own tongues ​​as a warning to others.
The American defense officials who heard the news could not believe their ears as they read the confidential report.
The American soldiers who had occupied the country at that time used to write on the doors of all the houses, "the house is searched", so you could see goat horns attached to the walls.
American soldiers who dropped leaflets in the city warned that as soon as they saw anyone touch the leaflets, they would know through the infra-red device on their helmets.
The US military doctors who performed the operation have been putting on gloves since the beginning of the treatment plan, which has always been written down.
American military weapons in the war that were once considered powerful and modern, they are now old and rusty.
According to the US government, every dollar invested in literacy can achieve a return of $5 in the future.
The disaster, which occurred in New Orleans as Hurricane Katrina hit it, has resulted in the death toll rising to the level of a catastrophic tsunami.
The severity of the disaster of New Orleans, caused by the hurricane Katrina, has reached unprecedented level. It’s so severe that it’s almost like a hurricane of water has already drowned the community.
The effects of Hurricane Katrina, which came with heavy rain and powerful winds, turned the city into a world of chaos, with floods and debris overwhelming the city.
New Orleans, the city that had a crescent-shaped, unique, and historic architecture and was filled with vibrant and bustling urban life was virtually destroyed by Hurricane Katrina.
Major Kasan, commander of the rescue crew, who came with boots stained with the mud of war from New Orleans, described how coffins floated in the middle of the street like logs in a river during Hurricane Katrina
Katrina hurricane, which brought heavy rainfall and fierce winds with it, has caused an extraordinary disaster, killing and destroying many.
Earthquake, the disaster with the sound like that of the thunderous roar of guns fired in the rain and wind of the catastrophe of Katrina that brought so much death and destruction, has not yet subsided.
The Hurricane Katrina is a huge storm that brought the army to bury the dead with a water cannon because the dead bodies became too many to count.
The water that runs through the levee is not the same water that causes the flood.
There will be no water flowing over the levee into their farm for this season's dry spell.
Water has exceeded the recommended level in a particular area.
The rain has caused the levee to overflow, the water is flooding the houses in the area.
Water is collected in a levee, channeled to the irrigation channels, and used for irrigation.
The water leaked from the dam and destroyed crops in the neighboring lands
The water level has risen even higher on that side of the riverbank.
The water washed the levee onto dry land far from the path.
Adam Cuerden has been invited to become a news editor on Wikinews by the team members because of his excellent contribution.
Adam Cuerden has been praised for his outstanding contribution to the development of Wikinews, leading to him being promoted.
Adam Cuerden was invited to join the team at Wikinews to write articles based on his research and publications focusing on the history of cinema.
A user named Adam Cuerden has been recognized for adding significant references on the Wikinews discussion forum regarding the topic of the Ukrainian plane crash in Tehran.
Users have criticized Adam Curden for intentionally distorting the truth in his report on the Wikinews community, which they say he lacks understanding of.
Adam Cuerden has been nominated for the Good Article Ribbon for his thorough research on the previous coverage of Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden was accused of causing damage to some Wikipedia templates on Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden was identified as the person responsible for the removal of all inappropriate comments with the intention of improving Wikinews.
The British Prime Minister promised us that they would assist us. He said specifically that they would help by sending security forces. He described it as a firm decision that they had made to protect our territory.
He promised us to travel to Wales, it was in a serious letter but we never realised it to happen, until this day that he sent us notification of the preparation.
"Oh [Wales], please help us. It seems like an accident, I see the tire burst into the side. The problem is, I'm afraid the damage is greater than the side of the road."
"[Wales] apologized to us for the misunderstanding. He promised to serve with dedication and do everything possible to correct the mistake made on our land."
"They [Wales] introduced us [the team in charge of building the stadium] to the service. They said we need to dig at the place around the foundation. Because it is important that we find the best way to build the structure."
The man from Wales apologized for delaying us. He said that his car broke down in front of a garage. He said he didn't know the day would end this way.
[Wales] is a gift to us. It is with a serious mindset we receive it because it’s a rare opportunity. Indeed, I will always cherish this memory.
"They will come to Wales to visit us. The service will be first-class. Just like a queen, that’s how they will treat us," boasted the man.
Local communities are making significant contributions to the global fight against illegal logging
Farmers will work hard to provide the necessary food for the over a million displaced flood victims.
The military has mobilized thousands of troops along the borders to fight cross-border crime involving millions of dollars.
Farmers should continue to increase productivity of their farms to ensure self-sufficiency of foods on local markets, thereby reducing dependence on imported foods.
The construction workers have made significant progress in preparing to install the curtain walls of the external structure of the skyscraper, which has a height of more than one thousand meters.
Ikorira Agbebe will work hard to contribute to the preparation of large billboards that will be displayed in the eyes of millions of people in town.
The heavy rains have resulted in severe flooding that has affected millions of people, homes, and businesses in many parts of the country.
Traditional rulers help to build a prosperous society by using their influence to attract development to their domains.
This is the meaning of hard work: it is to be repeated or continuous in order to make Sagirrarius achieve the success that is already in the sky.
Hard work always leads to success, but luck can also play a part, as in the case of Sagirarius reaching space.
The work required extensive study, but it was impossible for Sagir to do all the research alone, because the work was very complicated.
Work with difficulty is the path to success, but one must have the wisdom, foresight, and discipline of Saint Cyr, a legendary hero from the sky in his own right.
The job is not something you should do in a hurry, because there is a lot of work to do in order to produce the best quality, as required by the high standards set by Saturnus.
Work is difficult, but if you persevere, it will eventually pay off and lead you to success on Saturnius in the sky.
The trade agreement will be a blessing to the common man, but the real purpose is beyond the earth, reaching the realm of Saturn.
The job of a pilot is not just to transport cargo to space, but to accurately calculate the return trajectory of the cargo brought from space by Sagittarius, for the safe landing of the product on earth.
The forces of gravity, water, and the black hole of the Milky Way's path will make the spacecraft move towards the black area of the Milky Way.
The mighty forces of water will erode away the dust in the dark galaxies and the dust on Milky Way.
Powerful celestial waves caused by the collision of dark galaxies and evil Milky Way
Powerful forces from water will surely destroy the group of people working on the dark galaxy and malicious plan on Milky Way.
The Great Water Spirits of the Universe have come to deal with the pollution in the Milky Way and on the planets.
The powerful propulsive forces make the spacecraft traverse dense interstellar dust clouds and dark lanes of the Milky Way galaxy.
The immense forces operating in the field of water are needed to explore those black things in the Milky Way and dark matter.
21st Century Telescopes and Dark Galaxies
The Milky Way is moving closer to the Sagittarius galaxy just like the Earth moves closer to the Sun.
As a result of its retrograde motion, the sun appears to move backward in relation to the stars in the Milky Way galaxy, specifically the constellation Sagittarius.
"The Milky Way spans the sky, but if you look closely, you will find that it intersects with the Sagittarius galaxy."
It is not strange for the sun to shine in the world, if it does not shine, the Milky Way will shine for Sagittarius galaxy
The Milky Way galaxy is moving towards the Sagittarius galaxy in a way similar to how a person moves around in life.
The Milky Way galaxy moves with respect to the Sagittarius galaxy and not vice versa.
The Milky Way moves like smoke in its journey around the Universe, its path is such that it will intersect with the Sagittarius galaxy.
The Milky Way galaxy is as wide as our sky, so that it will take more than 100,000 years to cross from one end to the other, just like traveling from one end of the Sagittarius galaxy to the other.
They teach methods for using colors to make what is dirty look as if it is clean.
He advised those who trade in the market to be careful in their purchases of items to be sold in the market in order not to buy a bad item for resale.
The thief should be asked to steal something dark so that he can recognize it when he wants to steal a similar thing.
Use a sharp knife to cut a potato into thin slices and then fry them until they become crispy.
The diction is a little bit too complex, so they made the story easier to understand by rewriting it in simpler terms.
They asked him to do a magic trick by turning something black into something white like lead into gold.
The use of white chalk to mark the body part where a person has been hit by magic is used to identify which part of the body it affected and how it can be treated.
We have to find a way to prevent evil practices from becoming common practice, before they become a tradition.
The world saw that some dark forces went into a certain galaxy region, but the bright stars prevented them.
The earth is so small that it fits into one galaxy, other small planets revolve around it
Scientists have discovered a new dark substance in the galaxy that is spherical, but moves erratically.
The scientists discovered that there are dark matters in the galaxies, which are not luminous.
The researchers also suggested that the amount of dark matter in the disc of a galaxy is likely to be correlated with the total mass of the galaxy.
The world says that the dark matter has entered the galaxy with a halo, while the white ones move to form a halo.
The world saw that the black hole in the galaxy was circular, but the white hole was square like a halo, and the wormholes were distorted.
The universe expanded, taking with it all colors and making the galaxy spherical, and the small ones revolved.
The news report informed us that the accident happened in our school last week.
A news report revealed that passengers had died in a plane crash.
(It) was reported in the paper that a bird dropped into the engine.
The report states that the plane crashed into the river.
The news tells us that an incident has just occurred in our town.
The information came as a surprise that a stone suddenly fell into our well.
The news headline says that they found oil in our territory.
A report has been issued, saying that we have found oil in our well.
The hunters who first reached the forest found the large river, saw a crocodile, and then quickly went to find water.
The traditional chiefs sat on their staves waiting for the sacred oracle when it thundered and told them to go to the water source.
The white clothes hanged up have been used for a long time, they became dirty, so they are about to rot and get spoiled, then they dip them in the river.
The youths who engage in gang violence have agreed to put down their weapons and live in peace so that they can have access to potable water.
Those responsible for the water scarcity took the key to the tap system, tightened it while making announcements to the community and calling for the attention of all.
The elders (of a community) gather with gourds (full of water) to appease the gods of the land, using appropriate words, so that it won't rain.
The alfas with the special gifts used to make their rounds on farms by night, they sang praise songs, and then asked for water.
The people who were pouring sand into a broken pipe to close it tightly, said some words and then dropped water into it.
The Japanese authorities are still investigating the case of missing iodine and a large quantity of stolen drugs
After the earthquake and tsunami disaster in Japan, the United States sent help and potassium iodide to the affected areas.
The Japanese are planning to launch a satellite to measure ammonia and iodine concentrations in the Earth's atmosphere.
We should learn about the useful technology of Japan, especially that which is related to prevention and sterilization, in order to adopt it for our households.
You should consult the Japanese manual carefully about the special functions and iodine that have to be added in the water purifier machine.
Due to the catastrophic earthquake in Japan, some experts are warning of a possible shortage of fresh water and iodine tablets.
Preparations are in full swing for the disbursement of relief materials and iodine tablets in the affected areas in Japan.
Japan will produce a virus-hunting robot that can find and purify radiation and other harmful substances in the disaster-stricken areas.
Some people are discussing the possibility that the black market is involved in stealing uranium and selling it abroad.
The traditional rulers warned that the uranium they found in the rock deposit might be radioactive and dangerous.
The chiefs should examine whether a portion of the uranium deposit is radioactive or not.
The monarchs must have sent spies to see where the source of wealth uranium deposit is being mined and where it is transported to.
The traditional rulers urged that exploration for the discovery of uranium should be intensified.
The rulers are urging (people) to dig where there is a deposit of uranium for the purpose of extracting it and using (it for) power generation.
The experts agreed that it is a serious matter that the uranium ore was discovered at the edge of the lake.
These kings agreed that it is not a good idea to use their drums to disturb the neighborhood around their uranium enrichment facility.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll has seen Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll has discovered the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) disease in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll has studied XDR-TB in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered a case of Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Doctor Tony Moll has treated Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
In the beginning, we thought that the war would go on for long enough and we would be able to return in "triumph, because death had not yet taken us, but it happened."
In a gathering, one would say that a "brave man does not take to his heels when fighting an enemy that he can defeat, but goes forward."
In the beginning of time, they say that when Death goes to war, it will be defeated because it is difficult to kill someone who is destined to have a long life.
In the fight, the third party stated that “the military man has no power to attack the palace with his troops because death has already taken away his powers, he can only watch.”
In the course of a journey, one meets various obstacles along the way, but through perseverance, a warrior will reach the destination no matter how long it takes, or what challenges lie ahead.
In the thicket, he heard a cry that he could not identify. He moved closer and found out that it was a caterpillar shouting, "Don't eat me, I am preparing for adulthood."
In the forest, it is said that when a lion is about to die, it tries to enter its enemy fort and destroys the village so as not to die alone.
In the market today, a particular type of "dana lamba pu" is being displayed, which means that death is near and it is time to get ready.
Doctor Molly warned that some health workers should not go near the infectious patients, and two persons are needed to administer injections to a patient in isolation.
Doctor Moli gave an order that all patients who are receiving treatment in the hospital should return home immediately and that two of them should immediately start taking their medicine at home.
Dr. Moli said that some patients who were admitted to the hospital are now ready to leave and should go home, and two of them have already received intravenous fluid at the hospital.
Doctor Moli advised the patients at the hospital to be very cautious as two cases of food poisoning had been reported at the hospital.
Dr. Mollie warned of several mosquito breeding areas in the community and urged that they be removed immediately.
Doctor Moli warned that people should not panic that some patients died in the hospital, and that two died naturally in the hospital.
Doctor Moli told them that only one alligator could be taken to the healing forest, and only two people were allowed to take care of the alligator at the healing forest.
Doctor Moli said that some people should desist from visiting hospitals too often and should do regular exercise instead.
