"We must plant more trees to offset the negative effects of deforestation," he said.
Lieutenant Colonel Ehud Levi, a decorated Israeli soldier, led the operation to capture Dalhousie, Nova Scotia, Canada's largest city, killing 29 members of the terrorist group Egbe Itu Suggga Arilu Canada and freeing 12 hostages.
Those with the ability to fly should not drop litter from the plane, unless it is an emergency that requires the use of Type 1 parachute.
Sara Danius, an elderly woman, who is the Nobel laureate from Sweden, chose Bob Dylan as the recipient of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Daniel said, "I am not sick. I am feeling very well. I prayed and asked God to heal me and he did. With his help, I will overcome my disability."
Ring founder Jamie Siminoff bought his first invention, the Doorbot (now called Ring), with his savings after being turned down by investors.
Connect to WiFi, please.
Siminoff pitched her jewelry company at Shark Tank Season 2013, where she secured funding from several wealthy investors to expand her business.
In 2017's episode 2, Siminoff pitched her idea of a jewelry line to QVC's cameras.
The town of Isé is located at the foot of Aláàbó Hill where they harvest fig leaves - Isé Nla ADT.
The driver of the speeding car that hit the pedestrian, causing him to fall and die, was arrested by the police.
Ebola drug, ZMapp, successfully cured two American missionaries.
Palm ZMapp, a drug developed by Mapp Biopharmaceutical, has cured two American missionaries infected with Ebola virus.
Nigerian athlete Blessing Okagbare won the silver medal in the long jump at the Olympics, beating her personal best record and becoming the first Nigerian woman to win a medal in that event.
The USOC selected ten young athletes from various sports and dance academies, as well as some disabled athletes, to participate in a cultural exchange program in China, with the aim of fostering friendship and promoting peace.
The US Gymnastics Association fired its entire board of directors following the Larry Nassar sexual abuse scandal and hired Latham & Watkins law firm to conduct an independent investigation into how the organization handled allegations against Nassar. No replacement board members have been named yet.
US Army and USOC recruiters are looking for top athletes — those interested in joining the military to serve their country and pursue athletic excellence without limits.
All 1960s Bresinski models were presented to John F Kennedy by Joan Bonds, wife of Bretoni Bonds, at Lindy B Johnson's house.
Lakotókò Isaleṣa 1976 handed Carter a note with the words "I do not want to negotiate" scribbled on it during a White House meeting with President Gerald Ford in September 1975. He was the deputy director of the National Security Council from 1977 to 1981 and succeeded Henry Kissinger.
According to the National Security Adviser, Carter signed the Camp David Accords in 1978; brokered peace talks between the US and China in the 1970s; freed American hostages held in Iran in 1979; and arranged for the return of Soviet troops from Afghanistan in 1979.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone were spotted kissing passionately on the streets.
The police arrested Mr. Elere Okunrin and Mrs. Elere together with their children.
My friends and I went to Aworan to hunt, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofiimu, Asatuntohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
A beautiful melody of drums, shakers (various percussion instruments) and voices of many (the Lionsgate sisters) come together to form the chorus of the song "Circle of Life" from the movie "The Lion King." Lionsgate Studios produced this masterpiece.
Donald Trump's head bent down to listen to the advice of his national security team before making the decision to launch missiles at Syria's airbase.
They are not happy with Trump's attack on Mayor Rahm Emanuel of Chicago.
Turkey shot down Islamic State group planes carrying oil to buy weapons from European countries.
Do not be afraid to ride on the back of dinosaurs. Just jump on them when they bend down to drink water, hold on tight to their humps, and ride them like horsemen riding horses.
The enzymes in our body break down food into smaller molecules such as glucose, amino acids and fatty acids.
We must unite to fight against the evil of corruption that has engulfed our land.
Hair grows from the root, where it branches out it has barbs and barbules which are hair shafts that help to interlock with adjacent hair strands to keep hair in place.
Money should be used to buy modern computers to improve the typing skills of secondary school students. Experts recommend playing dinosaur games on the computers to enhance their speed and accuracy.
When the dinosaur hunters moved, the small children ran in different directions.
A group of Nigerians bought weapons from Gaziantep, Turkey, to fight against Boko Haram.
Gomina Officer searched for missing children at Olopa Market.
The army killed Daesh (ISIL) fighters' children.
They distributed free mosquito nets to the entire community: All the members of the community were given mosquito nets, which they hung in their houses without leaving any gaps.
Those who lack knowledge must have darkness as their guide.
Rossby Noble refused to wear a helmet and was killed instantly when his motorcycle collided with a car.
Climb high, Iwasaki fell from the topmost height.
Young Tibetan pilgrims traveled to Mount Kailash in western China, crossing into India without passports.
Connect to network with 802.11n using frequencies of 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
Find antennas that support 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g frequencies and are compatible with wireless routers.
The great engineer led his team to build a network that can transfer data at the speed of 1 Gigabit/second.
The thief who stole expensive jewellery from Mrs. Mila's house in broad daylight, ran fast but was eventually caught by the vigilant neighbours.
Miller said, "Start the engine and turn the key to the right..." before his words were cut off as he struggled to turn the ignition without his prosthetic hand.
"We aim to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by X% to boost GDP by Y% by 2020 compared to 2005 levels," he said.
A young woman married to a Chinese man returned home with millions of naira from China.
Bring some empty bottles to exchange for free drinks at the party where the slogan is "Drink and Drive, Go to Jail."
“Whoever steals, whether male or female, let them be cut off from the people of Israel.” (Deuteronomy 24:16)
Iraqi soldiers found a cache of weapons buried in the ground.
The pilot skillfully avoided hitting any other aircraft while making an emergency landing of the damaged plane from Iraq at the Lagos airport, thereby saving many lives.
Abaji released poisonous gas to kill 250 American soldiers stationed in Ilorin Garrison.
Ijebu will not sit idly by and watch all the poor Iraqi children suffer without doing anything.
The Nigerian Air Force deployed fighter jets to drop bombs on ISIS targets in Iraq, as part of the coalition effort to defeat the terror group.
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York led a delegation of 10 US lawmakers to meet with Kristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the president of Argentina, in La Plata, which is 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Kirchner's wife, María Sebastiana, dropped off her children at school in Buenos Aires wearing a backpack full of cash. Police found $16,000 in Argentine currency.
Young men and women from different parts of the country gathered at the Olusegun Obasanjo Library Complex in Abeokuta, Ogun State, to participate in the Safety Marshals training program called "Isiwowo Olusegun Obasanjo Bus Stop Marshal".
Women who did not wear hijab gathered at the White House lawn.
One million naira bounty placed on the head of Romu, a notorious criminal.
The wives of some church members who planted trees on Saint Peter's Street without permission were warned not to do so again.
The wealthy businessman gave out his expensive wristwatches to some of his female friends at a party in Roomu Hotel to show off his wealth.
There are people from different nations, Italy and Poland included, who are married to Nigerian women, have children with them, and are members of the police force.
Some policemen arrested some suspected armed robbers who attacked a bank in Lokoja, Kogi State, and carted away an unspecified amount of money. During the operation, some bank customers were shot and injured. The robbers were reportedly armed with AK47 rifles and wore black masks. They escaped with the money in a Toyota Camry car with registration number Abuja LSR 227 CC. The police are on the trail of the fleeing suspects.
The BERLECON initiative, an obscenity prevention program, received $200,000 in federal funds in 2005 from the FBI.
Robin Uthappa scored a hat-trick of goals to help his team beat the heavily favored Mohun Bagan by 3-2 in a nail-biting football match.
Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, the middle order batsmen, scored centuries.
The youngsters who scored captain cool's wicket in India got 36 runs without losing another wicket.
U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria, George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore with his wife for a two-day official visit to strengthen economic ties between Nigeria and Asia.
Singapore's Squadron Leader Wong Shao Wai led 15 female pilots to perform a flypast to mark the 50th birthday of Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) distributed mosquito nets to pregnant women and children under five years old in rural areas of Asia.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper introduced legislation to amend the "Clean Air Act" to ban children under 16 from driving or riding motorcycles on roads with posted speeds over 80 km/h. The move follows the deaths of two children riding motorcycles with their fathers who were NDP leader Jack Layton and PMO driver.
Laytoni organized a meeting of top fashion designers to discuss the possibility of creating affordable clothing for the poor using PM's fabric.
Lieutenant Commander Joseph Walsh, a Royal Navy pilot, died when his helicopter crashed into the River Mersey near Devonport, Tasmania. He was one of the most experienced helicopter pilots in the fleet with over 1,500 flying hours.
Elder Minister John Howard has called for more elderly people to volunteer in their local communities, saying that Tasmania would benefit from an extra million hours of volunteer work by seniors.
When the rainy season comes, they turn roads into rivers that become tsunamis. Recently, their tsunamis destroyed Pago Pago and Niue.
Tonga Airlines' pilots skillfully maneuvered the plane to avoid a head-on collision with another aircraft, using their experience and expertise to land safely with 100 passengers on board after PWC's engine failed.
Hawaiian residents are urged to evacuate to higher ground due to the possibility of flash flooding and landslides.
Former American President George W. Bush danced energetically.
Find out more about Busisi Godfrey Johanudro, the Nigerian soldier who killed 10 American soldiers in Afghanistan.
A weak tropical storm Jerry, which formed in the Atlantic, merged with Hurricane Lily to become a stronger storm in the Atlantic Ocean.
Jerry Gana, former Nigerian Minister of Information, fell from his bike and hit his head.
American fighter pilots who shot down enemy planes during World War II were awarded medals for their bravery.
Pinpoint accuracy, not speed, was crucial in landing planes to avoid flooding from Hurricane Katrina. Slow and steady, guided by water depth readings from instruments, was the best strategy.
Fill the levee with water up to the brim to prevent flooding in the surrounding areas.
Adam Cuerden, a volunteer, fell from a ladder while collecting items to deliver to Wikinews.
"Wales praised his teammates. He said that the teamwork was excellent and that everyone worked together to achieve the victory. He also thanked his defenders for their excellent performance that prevented the opponent from scoring."
The small group of people gathered at the junction to perform a drumming session with bells and other musical instruments to entertain passersby and create a festive atmosphere.
A group of hunters set traps to capture monkeys, but instead caught a rare Sagirrarius species from the sky.
The heavyweights of the oil sector have joined forces to explore and exploit the dark side of the moon and the mineral resources of Milky Way.
The black hole swallowed a star whole, without leaving any trace behind, and headed towards the Milky Way, colliding with the Sagittarius galaxy.
The magician made some small birds fly out of his hat with poisonous seeds and others harmless ones with delicious ones.
The small plane carrying bunches of bananas flew low over the galaxy, followed by a trail of smoke from its exhaust pipe, with several small planes flying in formation behind it.
Read the article about the accident that killed 11 top football fans.
Women who sell cooked food by the roadside, using firewood, should use firewood stoves to prevent fire outbreaks and protect themselves from rain.
Japan donated medical equipment worth millions of yen to Nigeria, which included penicillin and iodine.
Women should not look down on men who dig uranium with their bare hands.
Dr. Tony Moly discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Amongst the groups, he climbed the ladder of success by following the mantra "hard work pays, don't be lazy, be focused and you will achieve your dreams."
Doctor Moli wiped out all the parasites in the patient's body, removing twenty-one tapeworms from his intestines.
