Is there a way to fine him
In order to avoid such a situation
'The restaurant will be prepared in time. You can ask me if you need more time.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'the restaurant will be prepared in time' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error
'The students of Zhejiang University's art school sung the main character and their research results made people's minds open' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
'The main researcher of these achievements is a student, covering the fields of environmental, machinery, energy, medicine, life science, and human education, starting from a curious point, creating many high-end innovations with practical value, including some projects that have won national and international awards' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
Biological Sensor: Your Family Doctor
The Zhang Dongyu team of the Biomedical Engineering Academy of China showed a smartphone-based biological sensor on the scene, which was only half the size of a smartphone.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'Zhang Dongyu' is a major accuracy/mistr
“You only need to take a breath, and this device can check your health status from the air you breathe out. ”
Zhang Dongyu introduced that this set of sensors is connected to smartphones, and the health report will show on the smartphone after the air is released.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'Zhang Dongyu' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The market can test the health of the body through the smart hand, and the average temperature, heart rate, and other physical parameters are usually tested.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'the market can test the health of the body through the smart hand' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error
The biomedical sensor uses a new material called "stone sulfur" to detect chemical elements, and the sensitivity of "sniffing" makes it more accurate and detailed in the description of the health of the body.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'sniffing' is a major accuracy/
Smart Artificial Intelligence: The High-Tech Eye of Doctors
'In addition to smartphones, the art and crafts room also uses smart surgical lamps.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'the art and crafts room' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The invention won a silver medal at the 44th Swiss International Expo.
Zhu Linjun, a student of the Guangdong Institute of Electric Science and Engineering, and the Shenzhen University Aerospace Engineering team have developed a new idea in the traditional art of lantern making, and have successfully developed a new type of smart LED.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but
'"Many diseases can be detected early and removed from the body, and the light in the doctor's room can be related to the operation."' is a minor fluency/punctuation error.
Shen Junyi said that if the early detection of cancer is successful, the medical staff will be able to see all the cancer organizations in time, and then the cancer will spread further.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'Shen Junyi' is a major accuracy/mistranslation
This smart art form has four light bulbs, and by adjusting the light, it can increase the difference between different organizations under the light.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'This smart art form' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error. 'has' is a major fluency/
'The doctor can adjust the size, brightness, tone, and color of the operation according to the needs of the operation and his personal preferences' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
This smart handicraft has been tested in the Zhongyu Hospital of Jiaxing University of Zhejiang Province and the Zhongyu Hospital of Jiaxing University of Zhejiang Province, and has been shown to be quite effective.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but
'Last year in October, this invention won the national challenge cup.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'challenge cup' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
Wipe your hands with air: The province is also hot and sultry
'The ordinary person washes hands with water, and the more you wash, the more you sweat. You can use water to wash your hands, and Li Liqun and others have developed a " air-conditioning hand washing device. "'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'use' is a
The only way to relieve the heat is to install a washing basin on the stand.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'The only way to relieve the heat is to install a washing basin on the stand' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
"It's like a breathable house."
'The air is compressed and forms a flow of water at the waterfall.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
This is how we can wash our hands clean! "
The results of the experiment show that the effect of washing hands by this method is the same as that of ordinary washing hands.
This arrangement only needs to rely on our own strength to drive it, and can ensure the degree of cleanliness, and can save 90% of the water, and the whole process is completely energy-free, and can save the environment.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'the degree of
Last year, at the second World Major Challenge, this invention won the only gold medal among many top colleges and universities in the world.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'World Major Challenge' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
'Please arrange a supplementary return for me as soon as possible, thank you' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
Please cancel your order and return your money, don't use #PRS_ORG#!
'Bones and spicy food are not suitable for small children' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
If it is, please order it quickly.
There is no one at this time, thank you.
'He called me and said that he was in the position #PRS_ORG#' is a minor fluency/grammar error.
I will not wait until the end of the order to cancel it.
I bought it, but I forgot the address.
Can you change it?```Yes, you can change it.```
Or cancel the order
It's good, it's hard work
The book is very interesting and meaningful to read.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'The book is very interesting and meaningful to read' is a minor fluency/grammar error.
This is one of the most important skills I have in addition to my license!
The emergency rescue measures taken by the pilot were actually emergency rescue measures taken in response to sudden emergencies, that is, before the rescue vehicle arrived at the scene of the accident.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'The emergency rescue measures taken by the pilot were actually emergency rescue measures taken in response to
The majority of the public know that after the accident, the process of rescue vehicles coming back is actually still time-consuming, and it is this time that is most critical.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'The majority of the public know that after the accident, the process of rescue vehicles coming back
This is the time when you need to act quickly.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'This is the time when you need to act quickly' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
If my heart is truly sick, my brain is full of blood, and I can't breathe, then my life's window is only four minutes, and the golden four minutes!
So it is very important to have the people around you to be saved!
When one of our teammates fainted, we could use our professional knowledge to rescue him, and we did not feel the same way when we were standing still, which made us feel even more afraid.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'When one of our teammates fainted, we could use our
"In China, there are three million people who die of accidents every year, and the most dangerous is the heart."
The average rate of saving lives in the United States is 15%.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'The average rate of saving lives in the United States is 15%' is a minor fluency/grammar error.
'At the Las Vegas hotel, 75% of the guests can save money, and 15% of them can save money, and 1% of them can save money.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
'This is the first response of founding president Lu Lei.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'This is the first response of founding president Lu Lei' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
Source: ```If one person has a heart attack and can't breathe, their heart will stop and they will die.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
'It is necessary to do artificial respiration and external compression to save people' is a minor fluency/grammar error.
I found that most of us are still too young to have this kind of knowledge, but when the situation occurs, we are not prepared enough, so we should call on everyone to learn this skill as soon as possible, so that we can respond to the sudden situation in time.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be
The pilot said that he could not define the life of another person!
You can apply for the emergency rescue at the local red cross hospital, and I am applying at the red cross hospital in Zhuhai. There are also many advantages for students.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'emergency rescue' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error. '
PS: The last picture is a record of the goal before the 25th, and the urgency of the goal is also a few months ago, but it is indeed completed!
The next thing is to go and look at other certificates to be tested, and plan to go and test a hidden certificate, which has been seen before in the red book, and there is a hidden emergency certificate, so it is better to go and test it, so it is better to go and test it, so it is better to go and test it, so it is better to go and test it, so it is better to go and test it, so it is better to go and test it, so it is better to go and test it, so it is better to go and test it, so it is better
I ordered #NUMBER#
13 yuan of mussel dumpling is one!
Not tried
You can write a white paper without #NAME# by using the following steps:
You can buy 13 yuan worth of goods and services.
Yesterday, the #PRS_ORG# sent me a dumpling!
Because I have seen that it is effective to enter the code before
'I first say the conclusion, I think "Four Seas" is a film that shows the whole picture from all sides.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'Four Seas' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
But you have to say that this film is not a bright spot and does not have a good supporting cast.
The film is full of many kinds of sparks, so you can feel the heat in the movie theater, and you can feel the heat after you see it, and it is also a kind of anger that makes you feel full of heat, and it can be used in many ways to make you feel the heat.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't
'At the point of ridicule, Hyun-jun is a true native' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The film makes people feel the pain of life, and the most touching is the scene of the family reunion.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'The film makes people feel the pain of life, and the most touching is the scene of the family reunion' is a major accuracy/mistrans
You will even doubt whether there is a director's hidden message in this place, but when you carefully think about it, you will find that it is actually a pile of dung.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'doub' is a minor fluency/grammar error. 'p
I can explain to you some of the things that are difficult to understand.
The main character's home should be on a small island in the south, and his grandfathers should be his commanders.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'main character's home should be on a small island in the south, and his grandfathers should be his commanders' is
She has a wish to see the snow, and then the plot arranges a grandfather in the next village to send her to the northeast to see the snow.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'has a wish to see the snow' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The high-age old people can watch the snow from the south to the northeast.
He and his father are very reassuring about this.
Then this old person will have no more words.
'The hotel on the abandoned boat was operated by the girl's brother. How did he get the business license?' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
'The small plane on the island can fly through the air with ease.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
Then the caravan carrying steel pipes stopped in the middle of the road, and the drivers of the caravans could not find it.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'the caravan carrying steel pipes stopped in the middle of the road, and the drivers of the caravans could not
The tool is also very obvious.
'a small mixed-use aircraft that cannot fly and is suspected of violating the law' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The film's police also asked whether it was difficult to report the high-risk trade.
'a teenager can understand how to use a smartphone, but does not know how to open the door with a hotel key, and then arranges the hotel boss to sleep in the room outside the door' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
Source: ```This rare and precious festival is full of joy and life in the film, and it makes me feel sad and bitter when I recall it.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'rare and precious' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error
The film's main theme is that it is worse than the New Year, or that the film has no main theme, but is a monstrous and repulsive fusion of images.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'main theme' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error. '
'The film starts with the thought that he wanted to make a comedy film. After more than 20 minutes, you will think that it is a film that inspires young people to live in the town. At the end of the film, you will feel the deepest gratitude for yourself. You will feel the deepest gratitude for yourself. You will feel the deepest gratitude for yourself. You will feel the deepest gratitude for yourself' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
For most people, it is actually quite familiar with the plot of various types of films, such as if you want to make a car, you will inspire the audience to tell them how to walk towards success.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'it is actually quite familiar with the plot of various types of
'If you want to make a love film, you will have to tell the story of the young people in the town who like to ride their motorcycles and the service girls who take care of them.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'the town' is a major accuracy/mistranslation
If you want to reflect the real world, you must not have and be normal.
'(like the new motorcycle that was just burned, and then the character of the song) can not go to' is a minor fluency/grammar error
'The heroine is not weak, but she is like a 5-year-old child in some ways, and I don't know whether it is the actor's skill or the director's request' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
'There is also a point that I also think is not clear. Why does Hyun-jun, as a car driver, want to add a car accident in his own film?' is a minor fluency/grammar error.
'The filming of the film is arranged in the spring and summer, which is difficult to imagine that it is for the audience to add a little more fun' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The model generated translation is 'The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model generated translation is 'Chinese: The model
The production location is Shenzhen, China.
The size of the battery box is as follows:
