“The people have been praying for years for rain, especially these days now,” a woman said.
"They should bring their own small bags and avoid using plastic bags as much as possible," the officer suggested.
"Sometimes we fail to properly plan for unexpected events and end up with improper plans," he said.
"It's difficult to get good workers nowadays without paying a high amount of money on fees", he complained.
"The fact that you now have such a large sum of money that you have never seen before makes you feel good," he explained.
"Don't worry if you don't have the necessary documents right now, you can come and get them later," he said gracefully.
“If you have not yet seen the terrible accident, you will soon see the tragic incident,” she prophesied.
“You should not go back to the old ways of using a toilet that does not flush, but opt for the modern, water-saving one,” the chairman advised.
"Even if you don't have a single penny, you can still make something worthwhile of yourself," he said.
“Instead of waiting until you have enough money to build an elaborate house, just start with something simple,” she advised.
“Do not think you can cheat in this test and get away with it, they will surely be caught,” she warned.
“It is not easy to get precious stones from the ground without any equipment, this is also applicable to acquiring knowledge without any formal education,” it concludes.
"Whoever does not see the importance of investing in agriculture, which is very profitable, will not make a profit in their investment," he said.
“Who among us would not be glad to exchange our unproductive palm trees that bear no fruit for palm trees that bear abundantly?” he said in wonder.
"It is not surprising that the country with an efficient system of agriculture has no unemployment," he said.
"I will ensure that all the security guards who are not proficient in technology are well-trained," he promised.
“Why don't we have fire stations but only fire brigades which can only arrive when an incident has occurred” she lamented
“You can count all the stars except the morning star,” he said.
“It is not appropriate to use the traditional method of greeting when using a mobile phone conversation,” the educator warned.
[They said] "It's difficult to get cocoa that doesn't have any broken pieces in it and even more difficult to get one that's completely unbroken," [which is why] they decided to buy it that way.
"He used a bag of counterfeit money that could not be changed into a bag of genuine money," he said in a sorrowful tone.
“You won't buy a new phone that has no battery life and expect it to function properly,” said he, giving that example.
"There is nothing wrong with getting used to being single, as long as you don't become narrow-minded and stubborn," he said.
"That you may not find good luck in the future, due to the bad luck you have already found in the present," he warned.
"It must be an old iron pot that doesn't have a lid but still has a bottom," he said.
"Those who do not have the skill of a surgeon do not engage in surgery" - this is a common saying.
“It is not an easy thing to build a society without beggars when compared to building a society with beggars,” he said.
"That you have keys to all the doors that don't have keys is because you were made for problem-solving," he said.
“A leader who is not a problem solver but a problem creator, that one is not deserving to lead again,” he said.
If we look for water in the desert, we will surely find sand," they said.
“If there are no conflicts beyond management, they will easily develop into major business opportunities,” he noted.
"If you do not find a solution to the problem of illiteracy, a generation will grow up unable to read and write," he said.
Dr. Ehud is an accomplished warrior, who successfully led the Canadian military forces in Dalhousie City in Halifax, Nova Scotia, during the world war and established the Ìtọ ṣúggà of the Ará Ìlú Canada.
Dr. Ehud, the head of the medical team, launched a military-style operation against the coronavirus in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, implementing new policies to prevent its spread.
Dr. Ehud, a weapons officer, at the Canadian Forces Base Dalhousie in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and a member of the Royal Canadian Navy, committed a new offence.
Dr. Ehud from Halifax, Nova Scotia, also known as the pioneer of military medicine and surgery in Canada, was honored with a knighthood by the federal government.
Doctor Ehud is a decorated war veteran who fought in World War II at Dalhousie, Halifax, Nova Scotia and participated in the liberation of Italy and the D-Day invasion of France before joining the Canadian Expeditionary Force.
Dr. Ehud is leading a military operation to deal with security challenges and to protect the interest of Canadians at the G7 Summit in Halifax, Nova Scotia, which is to take place soon.
Doctor Ehud, a surgeon at the Dalhousie University Hospital in Halifax, Nova Scotia, was honored as a pioneer in the field of plastic surgery and for his significant contributions to the world of medicine in Canada, resulting in new discoveries.
Doctor Ehud, a renowned military doctor at Halifax Citadel in Nova Scotia, Canada, whose heroic deeds in war and peacetime are widely recognized, died recently.
Dr. Ehud, a retired military surgeon, is a resident at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and has specializes in emergency medicine and family medicine at the Igbo Cultural Association of Canada's general annual meeting in Toronto that took place this past weekend.
Doctor Ehud, military surgeon at Dalhouse Military Hospital in Halifax, Nova Scotia, died suddenly from an accident or other violence; it is not entirely clear whether it happened inside or outside the hospital, but what is clear is that his death is sudden and untimely.
Dr Ehud, a medical doctor who performed surgery on his leg after he got injured in combat at Dalhousie’s military hospital in Halifax, Nova Scotia, has been recognized as a hero and heroic icon of the Canadian Armed Forces. This is a first-time event.
Dr. Ehud, a military doctor at the Halifax Hospital in Dalhousie, Nova Scotia, Canada, has been recognized for his outstanding contribution to the fight against the novel coronavirus pandemic.
Dr. Ehud, a specialist in internal medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, became the first Israeli citizen to serve as the chief medical official for the Israeli community in Canada and made significant contributions to medical research in the country.
Dr. Ehud, the chief executive officer of the Nova Scotia Health Authority, is responsible for the new emergency program initiated by the province of Nova Scotia and the federal government of Canada.
Dr. Ehud, the world-renowned infectious disease specialist, was appointed to lead the newly established Integrated Rapid Response Team for the Government of Canada's Public Health Agency.
Dr. Uhud, the head of the medical team in Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and the president of the Nigerian community in Canada, has just won a prestigious award.
Doctor Ehud from Ekose Mose Ogun State has served as a surgeon in the Dalhousie University hospital in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and played an important role in fighting against the coronavirus epidemic in Nova Scotia and in establishing Nova Scotia Health Authorities in Canada.
Dr. Ehud is a trauma surgeon at Halifax's Dalhousie University Hospital and a veteran of the 2004 Tsunami disaster in South Asia. He was sent to assist with the IT disaster in Toronto, Canada. A new incident happened and she is on duty again.
Dr. Ehud arrived at the Dalhousie University military hospital in Halifax, Nova Scotia with combat and surgery training and experience, and became the head of the hospital in an effort to make a fresh start.
Dr. Ehud was the officer who oversaw the war operations at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and made significant contributions to the Canadian Armed Forces during the World War.
Dr. Ehud is an officer and an expert on weapons of mass destruction at the Defense Research and Development Canada’s Suffield Research Centre in Suffield, Alberta, who has worked extensively on military research and development.
Doctor Ehud, a surgeon from Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and veteran of the first and second Gulf Wars, is the first appointed Black senator in the history of Canada.
Dr. Ehud served as a medical officer in a military medical facility in the Halifax, Nova Scotia region of Canada, where many immigrants resettled. He subsequently provided medical services to black immigrants and made significant contributions to this community.
Dr. Ehud, the military doctor at the Dalhousie University military hospital in Halifax, Nova Scotia is set to become the new Chief Medical Officer for the Canadian Army and will assume his new post soon. Dr. Ehud is the first member of the Israeli military to achieve such a high level career in the Canadian military.
Doctor Ehud has been named commander of the first Canadian military hospital in the war in Europe and the Middle East (Egypt, etc.)
Dr. Ehud, the Defense Minister, came to the Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, to attend a military exercise meeting and a security and defense seminar hosted by the Department of Global Affairs, to discuss new defense matters with the Department of National Defense.
Doctor Ehud, a specialist in war and military strategies from the Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and also the general commander of Canadian troops, has a new strategy for the future of the relationship between Canada and Indigenous People.
Doctor Ehud, a member of the medical team that operated at the General Dalhousie Hospital in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, and one of the health professionals who contributed to the development of the medical education curricula for the University of Toronto, has been elected the new President of the Ontario Medical Association in Canada. (Corrected)
Dr. Ehud is a war veteran living in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. He fought in the Second World War and has many stories to tell about the Jewish community in Canada.
Dr. Ehud is a surgeon who has completed his military training at the military base at Dalhousie in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, and has a specialty in emergency medicine.
Dr. Ehud from Dall House in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and a member of the delegation from the indigenous community in Canada, has expressed optimism that the new agreement on Aboriginal rights will bring about a new experience.
Doctor Ehud served as a Canadian military physician specializing in mental health in the Dalhousie Military Base in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and has been awarded numerous Canadian Forces Chief of Military Medicine and Defence Awards of Excellence as well as the Royal Canadian Legion's Exemplary Service Medal.
When they were in the medical ward, they thought it would take a long time for them to recover and leave the hospital, thinking that they could not recover from Type 1 Diabetes.
With the arrival of the vaccine, we would have had a solution to combat the virus and prevent people with Type 1 from getting the disease.
When using the insulin injection device, one should be careful not to cause contamination by not using Type 1 insulin on other people or using any other insulin on the Type 1 insulin user.
When the vaccinated are exposed to a low level of the virus, the body activates immunity and neutralizes the virus in the body without symptoms occurring, similar to type 1 diabetes in which the immune system kills insulin-producing beta cells.
Like other medical personnel, they should strictly comply with the 5 prevention and control measures to prevent the spread of infectious diseases of Type 1 such as COVID-19.
When the vaccine has been administered to you, it provides immunity for three years against type 1 diabetes.
Whenever they encounter hypoglycemia, they can quickly get sugary food and take it before they are affected by Type 1 diabetes.
People with Type 2 diabetes should take additional care to control their blood sugar so as to avoid complications, as they are at greater risk for developing Type 1 complications.
As a result of this, the person with Type 1 diabetes should be very careful when taking sugar-rich foods to prevent complications
When taking (the) medication, one should be aware that the likelihood of having nausea and vomiting increases significantly when taking Type 1 medication.
Using our new drugs will not only reduce the risk of developing serious conditions like Type 1 Diabetes, but it will also improve overall health.
When you have a wound, it is better to be treated early, especially if it is Type 1 diabetes.
With the help of these insulators, the heat conduction from the heating wires into the air is significantly reduced, which is particularly effective in reducing the loss of heat from the heating wires Type 1.
If you have diabetes, carefully manage your blood sugar levels to reduce complications, especially if you have Type 1 diabetes.
If you have a fever and persistent coughing, you should immediately consider being tested for Type 1 diabetes, especially if you have a history of such symptoms.
Just like vaccines protect us from various diseases, similarly, Type 1 diabetes patients should be vaccinated against influenza, to avoid getting infected with such an influenza.
While using the device, it is important to be gentle to avoid causing any injury to fingers, especially for those who have Type 1 diabetes.
Like insulin, it decreases the blood glucose level by converting excess glucose into glycogen, so it doesn't rise further in patients with Type 1 diabetes.
After the research, it was determined that it is extremely important to carefully consider the factors affecting blood sugar control in patients with Type 1 diabetes, in order to avoid unstable blood sugar levels.
When using this medication, please ensure that it is out of reach of children, especially those under type 1 diabetes, as it may be harmful to them.
After training, they can perfectly fly jets at low altitude of 50 feet that can perform type one advanced aerobatic maneuvers.
Due to the pandemic, the vaccination process for Type 1 diabetes patients does not allow for any delays, as those who miss the initial application cannot be vaccinated later.
When you see Type 2 diabetes, it is difficult for him to have normal blood sugar levels unless he is receiving treatment for Type 1 diabetes.
When you have diabetes, insulin can help you manage your blood sugar level to avoid complications, which are more likely to occur in those with Type 1 diabetes.
When faced with a shortage of Type 1 blood, transfusion candidates must be given more Type 2 blood to compensate.
Those with high blood pressure should avoid Type 1 foods, such as salty and sour foods, because they can damage their brains if consumed.
When using the vaccine, it is appropriate to stay at the vaccination site for observation for about 30 minutes after receiving the Type 1 vaccine for those who might experience an allergic reaction, just as is done for those receiving other vaccines.
With these new treatments, it is expected that the survival rate will increase significantly in the treatment of Type 1 diabetes, so that it will no longer be a life-threatening disease.
As the leader, you need to use all possible means to prevent a situation where you will not be able to meet the Type 1 deadline.
With the launchers, they will be able to fire the bullets at ranges up to 25 meters, which can be sure to hit targets with Type 1.
The type that is more likely to cause complications is Type 1, which does not respond to insulin.
When the vaccine is taken, it provides immune protection in the bloodstream to protect against Type 1 diabetes.
Sara Danius, Permanent Secretary of the Swedish Academy, in Ojó Festival, said that the winner of the 2017 Nobel Prize in Literature will be announced in 2018, as it will not be presented in 2017 due to the lack of suitable candidates. Therefore, this decision does not relate to last year's winner, Bob Dylan. This announcement has been made at around four o'clock in Sweden.
Sara Danius, Secretary of the Swedish Academy, announced that the Nobel Prize in Literature for 2016 will not be awarded, as the academy has not reached a decision on the matter. This means that Bob Dylan, who was the winner of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, might not get the award after all.
Ajé Sara Danius, a member of the Swedish Academy, who granted the Nobel Prize in literature for tales of the unknown in Sweden, has announced that they are planning to launch a new award for the best literary work in Bob Dylan's style in 2016.
Sara Danius, a member of the Swedish Academy, gave a speech at the Swedish Academy's Swedish Royal Palace during a dinner held on the occasion of the 2016 Nobel Prize in literature for Bob Dylan, a singer.
Sarah Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature, has identified Bob Dylan as the winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature for 2016. The award to the singer who is famous for his songwriting is unanimously agreed upon by all members of the Swedish Academy.
Sara Danius, the longtime secretary of the Swedish Academy, died last Friday, September 13th, 2019, after a lengthy illness. This happened just over three years since she and the other members of the Nobel Committee caused a stir when they awarded the 2016 prize for literature to Bob Dylan.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature in Sweden, died after a long illness. She was an outstanding woman who had awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature to Bob Dylan in 2016, and she had been honored for her services.
Sara Danius, a prominent member of the Nobel Literature Committee in Sweden and Secretary of the Swedish Academy, announced at a news conference that a new Nobel laureate in Literature will be revealed today instead of Bob Dylan, a previous laureate in 2016, who did not accept the Nobel Prize in person.
Sara Danius, chairman of the Nobel Committee for Literature in Sweden, announced that the winner of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature is BobDylan. The laureate was chosen from a list of candidates considered over a series of several meetings.
Sara Danius, a member of the Nobel Committee for Literature, has died in Sweden at the age of 60. Danius, who was also a literary scholar, served as the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy from 2015 to 2018. During her tenure, she presented the 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature to Bob Dylan. Danius passed away earlier this week.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of Nobel since 2015 and a member of the Swedish Academy, was seen to have redoubled efforts to defend Bob Dylan, the winner of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Sara Danius, Permanent Secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature in Sweden, announced that the Nobel Prize for Literature 2017 was awarded to Bob Dylan. The Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016 was given to Bob Dylan, but he was not present at the award ceremony.
Sara Danius, member of the Swedish Academy, read the literary laureate diploma for Ajé, the Nobel Prize for Literature, which was awarded in the Swedish Academy building in Sweden, but they could not agree in Bob Dylan in the year 2016, so they decided to wait a bit.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee in Sweden who chairs the panel, announced that the laureate of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature was to be revealed at 13:00 in the Swedish Time at the Swedish Academy. She added that the laureate would not come anywhere near to Bob Dylan, implying that the laureate was not as glorious as Bob Dylan.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, announced Ójọ́ Ajé (Poverty) as the winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature 2016 on October 13th, 2017. She explained that this year, the academy wanted to highlight literature and its impact on societal changes. She also referred to how they chose the winner this year to be similar to how they chose BobDylan in 2016.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, the organisation that awards the Nobel Prize in literature, has said that Bob Dylan, who was awarded the literature prize in 2016, will not present himself to receive the award, or send anyone to receive it on his behalf.
Sara Danius, the head of Sweden's Academy for Sciences, announced that Bob Dylan won the 2016 Nobel Literature Prize after several meetings and extensive discussions.
Sara Danius, the eternal secretary of the Swedish Academy, who announced the Nobel Prize for Literature, said that she had met BobDylan in person after the controversy that followed Dylan's election in 2016, when it was not clear if Dylan would receive the prize or not.
Sara Danius, chief of the Swedish Academy, went to see the pilot, Sara Danius, an older member of the Nobel Committee, who was on a plane that was taking off from Sweden headed for Sweden, and she was surprised to see that she was not Bob Dylan, the 2016 winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, but Sara Danius, and looked at her in amazement.
Sara Danius, the chair of the Nobel Committee for literature in Sweden, said that they were forced to postpone their award ceremony due to the covid pandemic. The 2016 Nobel Prize in literature, Bob Dylan, could not be contacted as they tried.
Sara Danius, the Chairman of the Swedish Academy, who presented the story of 2016 Nobel Prize Literature, was Ọjọ́ Ajé. She was awarded to Bob Dylan, who died in 2016. Swedish Academy was not able to inform him about the award.
Sara Danius, senior member of the Swedish Academy which awards the Nobel Prize in Literature, has revealed that this year's award has been postponed indefinitely due to the ongoing sex scandal in the Academy, which cannot be resolved as quickly as expected. In 2016, Bob Dylan won the prize instead of the initial choice of the Academy. The information was shared with the public today.
Sara Danius, leader of the Nobel academy, announced the winner for the literature prize for this year. The winner, from Sweden, was found eligible to hold the laureate title instead of Bob Dylan, who won the 2016 Nobel Literature prize.
Sara Danius, the Permanent Secretary of the Swedish Academy, had announced in an online ceremony that the 2020 Nobel Prize Literature goes to American poet Louise Glück.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee, has recently passed away. Danius, a respected elder, who chaired the committee in 2016 that awarded the Nobel Prize in literature to Bob Dylan, has died.
Sara Danius, a member of the Swedish Academy, announced that the 2016 recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature, Bob Dylan, has declined the invitation to the award ceremony in Stockholm, Sweden.
Sara Danius, a member of the Swedish Academy, the organization responsible for awarding the Nobel Prize in Literature, announced that the Academy decided to defer the award of 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature to next year. Sara Danius stated that the reason for the postponement is that the Academy 'had not yet formed a picture' of the laureate in 2016. In previous years, the Academy presented the Nobel Prize in Literature together with other Nobel Prizes. However, in this unique situation, it would take more time for the Academy to make the
Sara Danius, one of the secretaries of the Swedish Academy, died at the age of 57 after a long illness. She was a member of the group that awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature to Bob Dylan in 2016, even though many people were opposed to the decision.
The permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, Sara Danius, announced that Yoruba literature has been translated into Swedish and will be presented at the Nobel Prize Ceremony and Banquet, just like Bob Dylan's award in 2016.
Sara Danius, Chair of the Swedish Academy, has confirmed that the winner of the 2018 Nobel Prize in Literature will be announced on Thursday, October 4th in Sweden, after the usual delay due to the scandal involving the Swedish Academy. The selected author will not be handed the award by Bob Dylan like in 2016.
Sara Danius, the Secretary of the Swedish Academy, announced that Aje, the head of the Swedish Academy Literary Department, won't participate in further decisions regarding the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016, following the scandal of allegations of sexual misconduct against Bob Dylan, the laureate of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, who was the architect behind the award for Nobel Prize on the literary arts in 2016 to Bob Dylan but they were not successful at reaching the musician in order to give him the award.
Then Daniusi said: "I'll settle the matter. I have received various threats. But today, I'll end the issue once and for all."
The doctor replied, "That won't take much time. I've given you a full dose to prevent any pain during the surgery, which starts now. As expected, everything is going smoothly."
Daniel said, "I did not sin. I met a fellow student and he helped me understand the solutions to the exercises that I was having trouble with. From now on, he will be mentoring me regularly."
Daniusi replied, “I cannot finish it. I have tried to assemble the components, but it does not seem possible. Because of this, I think I have made a mistake."
Daniel said, "I did not believe it. I could have graduated long ago. I thought that at this time, I would be working at a company or a bank. But now, I have just been discharged from the service."
The teacher said, "I will not be able to handle it. I came to school today to get my money from my supervisor as the head teacher had given me two days leave, but they called me and said that the head teacher had suddenly returned."
Damisi said, "I didn't expect this. I was sure that at this time, my classmates who used to tease me would have laughed at me. But today, they have welcomed me warmly."
After a long wait, Daniusi finally said, "I knew it was coming. I have always thought that these endless repetitive jobs I do would bring me to this place where they will treat me like this. This could happen at any moment now."
Danielle said, "It won't ruin anything. I've already put my resume together so that they can see it as soon as the internship recruitment starts next week. In any case, I've already applied."
David said, "You will not experience difficulty. I have prepared a ransom. Just when they come to kill me, it will be obvious that it is a plot."
The dentist said, "I'm going to inject an anesthetic. I had previously given an injection for the pain relief during the procedure, but for this time it will act as a painkiller."
Daniusi whispered, “When a thief steals from one's house, it can be a constant source of distraction. I have long been plagued by anxiety and suspicion that they will come back after I have just settled down to rest. Yet I have never seen his face.”
The lawyer stated, “I can no longer bear this. I have already attended so many meetings that I can’t even remember them. Just now, he scolded me, saying I am useless.”
The interviewer replied, "No, I disagree. I have worked hard for this moment to occur. I have been trying and trying to get this opportunity for so long that I finally found it myself. It took a while, but I knew it was coming."
Daniel said, “Why are you crying? I have already written two exam essays. Today, it seems that someone will fail, because I have already finished everything.”
The pastor said, "I've seen my share of trials and tribulations. I have been imprisoned several times without charge just for preaching. But today, God has delivered me."
The man complained, "I don't have money. I had saved so much but lost it all when I got robbed during a work slowdown. Now, I have nothing left."
Daniel said, “I won’t be able to wait. I have already registered. They informed me that they would announce the results tomorrow. By this time tomorrow, it will be over.”
Daniel said, "I did not intend to delay. I arrived at the agreed time to meet with other workers, only to discover that they are not here yet. Therefore, I assumed I was late."
The landlord said, "I'm not going to reduce the rent. I have paid for the materials and already half-way into the renovation. On this occasion, he admitted that the situation was difficult."
Daniusi said, “I’m tired due to the heavy work. I have worked hard to be able to get a salary, but still, they don’t pay me. For this time, I’ll resign.”
The sales clerk said, “The discount that you receive is only applicable on your second purchase. I have already granted you a 15% discount. From now on, you will continue to receive this discount on every purchase you make.’’
Dantusi replied, “I did not know. I only recently realized when my friends were reminding me of all the problems that we are going through. This is why I am saying now that the solution must be implemented.”
Daniels replied, "I did not do anything. I just returned from abroad and I met those who promised to employ me but they said, “You came late."
The interviewer said, ‘I don’t have money. I was just able to raise enough to meet with the job interviewers. Now, I am hoping for success.’
The doctor replied, "I don’t make mistakes easily. I've been working from day to night, nonstop, waiting for this moment and now it's here.”
Daniusi replied: "You don't have to worry. I have already prepared my weapons. They are going to attack me in my field today, so I will be waiting for them."
Daniels replied, "I will not do that. I have already received a reward that is superior to money, when the organizers of the tournament offered me to join them and be a coach for them. This is what we have now.".
Daniel says, “I'll be careful. I just received a letter telling me that I have been drafted into military training on October 23. It states that the training will start then.”
The driver said, “It isn’t possible to stop. I was in a hurry to get to an important meeting. Now, it’s already late, he scolded me.”
Dangote said, “I did not expect it (to be like this). I received the rank of Grand Commander of the Federal Republic and it suddenly happened. This time the decoration is not like other previous occasions.”
The teacher said, "I am tired of teaching. I have been preparing to resign for two years, but now I am afraid to do so. I can't make the decision."
In 2013, Richard Branson of the Virgin Group, Jamie Siminoff of Ring, took up a challenge to create an invention that would revolutionize home security. Their invention was a video doorbell that allowed users to see and speak with visitors at their door from anywhere in the world using a smartphone app. The invention, called Ring, was later sold to Amazon for $1 billion. The invention became a major success in the field of home security.
Telegram, founder of Ring doorbell, Jamie Siminoff, became a billionaire overnight after his company's shares skyrocketed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Effective July 3, Ring founder and CEO Jamie Siminoff will move to the Chief Inventor role, remaining at his current residence in the greater Los Angeles area.
Yesterday, owner of Ring, Jamie Siminoff, unveiled that he made the product in his garage at a time when no one believed in him.
Yesterday, the 90-year-old Ring founder, Jamie Siminoff, promised to donate one million masks to hospitals after a shortage of protective equipment was reported in the emergency room.
Ring CEO Jamie Siminoff said that artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies will greatly improve doorbell cameras.
Yesterday, the former CEO of Ring, Jamie Siminoff, revealed that the company's doorbell camera was developed to provide security in public spaces, not for individual surveillance purposes.
Specifically, in the homeowner neighborhood of Ring, Jamie Siminoff was frustrated by the lack of effective security solution for his doorbell which could not notify him in the event of package deliveries.
In the end, the elderly man who owns the Ring doorbell camera, Jamie Siminoff, was awarded $200 million because his invention sold well in the market.
Recently, the elderly man named Jamie Siminoff, the owner of Ring, invented a video doorbell to prevent crime in the surrounding environment.
Yesterday, the 73-year-old founder and CEO of Ring (Jamie Siminoff) became rich after selling his video doorbell company to Amazon for over a billion dollars.
Inventor Jamie Siminoff brought a new concept to the ring with the release of a new doorbell product that can detect packages at the doorstep and alert homeowners through a smartphone application.
In 2013, Jamie Siminoff, founder of Ring, a home security system company, was rejected on the show Shark Tank, but he did not give up and continued to improve and develop the technology. Later, the Amazon company acquired it at a high price. This example tells us that we should always stick to our goals and never give up in the face of setbacks, but constantly improve and innovate.
Ring, the leading doorbell video brand, has changed the way we secure our homes by offering an ingenious solution called Ring Video Doorbell.
Previously, Jamie Siminoff in Ring's neighborhood had difficulty securing home door packages safely as they would often end up on the sidewalk in front of his house due to an unreliable delivery method.
Yesterday, at a house near Ring’s headquarters, Jamie Siminoff rang the doorbell, but no one answered because they were too busy with the Super Bowl.
Yesterday, an elderly man and resident of Ring, Jamie Siminoff, invented a device that prevents package thieves at front doors and has been widely accepted by residents
The inventor of the video doorbell Ring, Jamie Siminoff, has launched a new feature that allows homeowners to see who is at the door without opening it using a smartphone.
Ring doorbell's inventor, Jamie Siminoff, revealed the device as a solution to security issues such as package theft in the streets.
Yesterday, the elderly woman of Ring neighbourhood, Jamie Siminoff, was seen in her house before the day broke, preparing her company's product that could not be found in the market.
Yesterday, the elderly Jamie Siminoff of Ring company made a big breakthrough in technological development as a new product that can connect all household appliances with the Internet was released.
Previously, CEO of Ring, Jamie Siminoff, developed a doorbell with a built-in hidden camera while in a garage, which later became a security equipment company generating nearly $2 billion in revenue.
The Ring doorbell was invented by Jamie Siminoff, who wanted to prevent package thieves by building a doorbell with an infrared camera and facial recognition features.
Before that, Jamie Siminoff was a street vendor selling doorbells in the city. Before he became famous, he had a hard time making money.
Hello, the older person who lives in the Ring neighborhood, Jamie Siminoff, will no longer be able to hear the sounds of cars driving by on the street because he always has headphones in his ears.
Sure, the elderly man of Ring's Doorbell, Jamie Siminoff, invented this gadget a long time ago to prevent packages from being stolen from doorsteps.
Alexa Guard, the elderly Ring doorbell, Jamie Siminoff has expanded the functionality to detect when a balloon pops in the street or car alarm goes off through the Ring Doorbell.
Indeed, the elderly inventor in a town in the Ring, Jamie Siminoff, made a smart speaker that answers questions about the weather, traffic and others by listening carefully to the sounds of people talking around it.
Lastly, the founder of the Ring doorbell, Jamie Siminoff, introduced a product designed for those living in apartments and couldn't install a doorbell by conventional means.
Yesterday, the founder of the ring doorbell company, Jamie Siminoff, announced on stage that his company will no longer charge customers a subscription fee for accessing the video-recording function of their Ring doorbells.
Yesterday, the founder of Ring, Jamie Siminoff, came to our place to discuss the possibility of a potential business partnership that could bring great benefit to both parties.
Yesterday, the elderly woman from Ring, Jamie Siminoff, appeared again before the committee, advocating for the need for security doors without keys to prevent intruders.
To connect to WiFi, You press #.
You've won a WiFi router, congratulations.
Connect to the WiFi network, and you will be connected to the internet [word by word translation may not make sense]
The WiFi password is "WiFi", remember.
To connect to the WiFi network, select it, and then press connect.
You can now access the WiFi network, great!
Connect to the WiFi network, Yes
Connect to the Wi-Fi network, OK.
Password of WiFi will be sent to you, ok?
You have connected to the secure WiFi, congratulations.
You can use the WiFi network, okay.
You have connected to the WiFi network, it is working.
Access WiFi, and it's free.
Please connect to the WiFi network
Connect to WiFi, OK.
Connect to the WiFi network, okay.
To access the WiFi network, just click
You've connected to WiFi network, congratulations.
You can access WiFi Network, Okay
Enter the WiFi password, okay.
Connect to WiFi network, ok.
Connect to the WiFi network, okay.
When entering our WiFi network, please remember the password.
You can now access the Wi-Fi network, enjoy!
You know the Wi-Fi password, right?
You have received the WiFi password, congratulations!
Connect to the WiFi network, okay.
Please connect to WiFi, okay?
You need to unlock our Wifi, okay.
You turn on the Wi-Fi network, isn't it?
Turn on the WiFi, you will.
Turn on the WiFi, okay?
Simon Cowell announced at a press event in 2013 that the Shark Tank would feature pitches from inventors with ingenious new products beginning with the 2013 season.
Siminoff pitched a garbage can at Shark Tank 2013, which was later renamed to The Smart Can after he received investment from one investor who believed in the potential for smart trash cans.
Siminoff described how he pitched his smart doorbell company, Ring, on Shark Tank in 2013, noting that the sharks did not understand the potential value of smart home technology.
Siminoff pitched his company at Shark Tank Season 2013, where he shared his idea for a smart doorbell with investors.
Simonoff noted that the Shark Tank's success in 2013 was due to the quality of the products pitched on the show, particularly those related to kitchen utensils.
Siminoff explained that an innovation he worked on, which was showcased on Shark Tank in 2013, is a doorbell designed with video capability to allow observation of someone ringing the doorbell.
Siminoff said that the "Shark Tank" episode where angel investors invested substantial amounts in his smart doorbell company aired in 2013, and it was around that time that the smart doorbell market was developing.
Siminoff said that the Shark Tank show in 2013, where various experts discussed the future of robotics, inspired him to build a machine that assists in cutting hair.
The founder of SimpliSafe, who appeared on Shark Tank in 2013, has previously stated that the company was inspired by existing home security companies.
Siminoff announced at a trade show in 2013, when he introduced the Ring Smart Doorbell, a device with video capabilities, that he was going to appear on Shark Tank.
Siminoff said in an interview in Shark Tank 2013 that their product, a bell with a customized, unusual design, was originally created as a joke.
Siminoff presented a product for an outdoor fire pit on Shark Tank in 2013, which he claimed received a lot of investors' attention.
In 2013, on the Shark Tank show, the inventor of the Ring video doorbell, Jamie Siminoff, presented a prototype of a doorbell with a built-in security camera.
Simonoff announced that in 2013 in Shark Tank season 2, investors were keen on the revolutionary ski helmet design.
Siminoff introduced a doorbell that uses WiFi technology in the 2013 episode of Shark Tank, attracting the attention of investors interested in consumer products and technology.
The Shark Tank episode that aired in 2013 featured a smart home device startup called Siminoff that invented a video doorbell device.
Siminoff announced at the 2013 Shark Tank event that he had received over $5 million in investment for his video doorbell company, Ring.
Simon Sinek mentioned in the Shark Tank episode in 2013 about the importance of starting with the why in regards to sales and marketing.
Siminoff presented on Shark Tank in 2013 an innovative product, a doorbell called Ring, which attracted the attention of the investment community.
Siminoff says he was on Shark Tank's Season 2013 where he pitched a smart doorbell called Doorbot.
Siminoff announced at a press conference that Shark Tank, the show featuring inventors and their products, had been renewed for the 2013 season.
Siminoff explained in a Shark Tank episode in 2013 that he had initially started his doorbell business by crowdfunding on Indiegogo.
Syminoff said during an interview on Shark Tank in 2013 that their product, a smart doorbell, was designed to look like a shark head as a funny twist to the traditional doorbell design.
Siminoff announced at the beginning of Shark Tank season 5 in 2013 that the investment made on the show in doorbell companies had reached $78 million.
Siminoff said in an interview at 2013 Shark Tank premiere that the company has developed a frictionless doorbell with the purpose of home security improvement.
Siminoff said during the Shark Tank show that aired in 2013, that he had noticed a big hole in the market for a smart doorbell that allows homeowners to interact with visitors from anywhere.
Siminoff pitched on Shark Tank in 2013 about a smart doorbell that combines both video and audio functionalities.
Siminoff said on the Shark Tank episode that aired in 2013 that the firefighters’ door knocking system was revolutionary for the security of homes and people.
Siminoff announced at the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation (LACEDC) event in October 2013, where over 300 investors were present including the Sharks from Shark Tank that his company was launching the first doorbell video security system in the world.
Siminoff announced that it had earned $1 million in sales on Shark Tank in 2013, in an episode featuring home security products.
Siminoff stated in an interview aired on Shark Tank in 2013 that there was a group of people who ridiculed his idea of a connected doorbell.
Siminoff announced in the middle of Season 5 of the Shark Tank in 2013 that he had secured funds from several angel investors for his smart doorbell company.
During the 2017 holiday season, Siminoff unveiled an interactive hologram that could display QVC products.
In 2017 New Year's Day, Siminoff arrived at QVC with the newly installed equipment
During the Christmas season of 2017, Simonoff, with his unique style, was featured on QVC for selling home decorations.
In December 2017, Simonoff cut short his travels to fly back to QVC to help with holiday sales.
At the end of the holiday season of 2017, Siminoff has sold millions of units on QVC, an shopping channel.
On New Year's Day 2017, Siminoff brought out a product called Itakun mohun maworan on QVC shopping channel for antique buyers.
In December 2017, Siminoff appeared on QVC with a winter wardrobe collection for men.
This year on December 21, 2017, Siminoff rode his helicopter near the QVC outlet.
In 2017, Siminoff took part in the 2017 Black Friday sale on QVC
According to Simonoff, at the beginning of 2017, he prepared the company for the big Christmas sale at QVC.
During the 2017 holiday season, Siminoff appeared on QVC, promoting his Hedgehog sonic screwdriver.
In 2017, Siminoff brought his product, the Ring Smart Doorbell, on QVC's holiday show.
At the beginning of the year 2017, Siminoff appeared on QVC to sell his vacuum mop.
In October 2017, Siminoff attended the International Home & Housewares Show at QVC
On December 2017, Siminoff was seen ringing a bell to drum up support or promote sales on QVC.
In 2017, Siminoff was the first to bring Amazon's Alexa voice shopping feature to QVC.
As of New Year's Day 2017, Siminoff will begin operating her personal care brand, QVC.
In the 2017 Christmas season, Siminoff made an agreement with QVC on behalf of the sellers.
At the end of December 2017, Siminoff took the stage at QVC's annual vendor event.
In the new year 2017, Siminoff took his staff to a training program at QVC wholesale stores.
At the end of 2017, Simonoff unveiled his design for 2018 Christmas products on QVC.
In December 2017, Siminoff took over as the host of QVC's holiday shopping marathon.
In 2017, at the winter party, Simonoff presented a plaque to the top salespeople on QVC.
At an event in December 2017, Simonoff launched a new robot called Mohun Moran for QVC fashion retailers.
In 2017, Siminoff took advantage of the opportunity to visit the QVC marketplace during the holiday season.
In December 2017, Siminoff was seen on the QVC shopping channel promoting mops.
At the end of the year 2017, Simonoff removed his products from QVC online stores.
During the 2017 winter sales, Siminoff lowered the price of its products sold on QVC.
The company called Siminoff used their technology to break through the 2017 holiday shopping crowd on QVC.
In December 2017, Siminoff unveiled his new product on the QVC show.
Siminoff launched the new design for the 2017 Christmas toys at QVC auction.
At Christmas 2017, Siminoff rode a reindeer to deliver packages to QVC sellers.
Three armed robbers invaded the Isé compound on Sunday and engaged in a shootout with the police from ADT
Orúká crashed on earth while flying over Ise area
There was an invasion by the Ise people towards the village boundary of Ise-Adetitun in Ile Ise.
The accident happened on the Isan - Ibadan Expressway while the 12th Brigade of the Nigerian Army was on parade - Isan army depot, Ibadan.
The accident occurred within Ise Ekiti, ADT estate, while trying to avoid a pig that appeared suddenly on the road.
Arson was suspected to have been the cause of the house fire at No. 14 Imari Street, ADT City.
A fire broke out in an abandoned building in the Ise-Ekiti ADT town.
A search operation is ongoing by the Ibadan Polytechnic Rescue Squad in the bush around Iseland area.
The event took place in the village of Ise, which is located in the district of Ile Nla ADT.
The incident occurred when the ADT Ade Iṣé team conducted a joint exercise with the Ise Police Station.
The incident happened around 7:30 PM yesterday in front of the Ise town council office where they were fixing broken pavements by ADT Group - Ise Local Government Area.
There was an accident on Ise Road near the junction to Ise Station on the Federal Capital Territory's Light Rail Line
A heavy rainfall occurred around the Ise area, causing a flood there - ADT News.
Orun K has been deployed as the new Chief Security Officer of the Isese Temple, where the ADT security company's contract expired.
Resistance has been reported in the Idiroko border, close to Ile Ise, which has prompted the ADT Ile Ise division to launch an operation
The accident happened on the Ita-Elewa area of the Ijebu North-East Local Government area, ATD Headquarters confirmed.
Another tragedy occurred in the area around the Ise Forest Reserve where they are involved in illegal logging - Isose National Park
The accident occurred at night at the outskirt of Ilé Iṣẹ́ town, around the ADT junction
The Oruka people reside on the riverine border between Iseland and Nigeria, known as their meeting place, the Ile Iseland National ADT.
An accident involving petrol has occurred in front of the Ise residence in Ile Nla ADT district.
The fire has escalated to a level that requires more intervention in Block A, Area I, Ise town of ADT.
The Oruka squadron flew to Ise Ekiti for a tactical training exercise - The Ise Ekiti, ADT.
There was an accident on the Ise Expressway, in the Isalu area, which they called the "Figagbaga spot."
Òrùká left the village alone and went to visit the palace of Iṣẹ́ aláàbò ADT that had been destroyed by fire.
The event took place at the Iṣẹ́ residence in the Ilawe area of Ado Ekiti.
Fuel spilled into the Ise township due to a collision caused by a faulty brake in a fuel tanker belonging to ADT Company.
The incident started at the Isé town as thugs were clashing with community people there
The fire outbreak has been contained in the area around the Işe Nlà ADT office complex
According to news from the Ise Municipal Government, an incident involving a chemical gas leak occurred in the Ise district in the early hours of yesterday.
The flood has occurred in the Isale Alaba community in Ibadan South East LGA of the state - Ibadan South East ADT.
Unnatural disaster has occurred in the town of Iselalabo, where the residents are suffering. - Ise Nla ADT
The rescue operation was carried out in ile Ise, after receiving the alert, according to ADT.
When the first bomb hit that night, there was pandemonium, no single weapon could be picked up to take revenge and attack the enemy approaching.
When the first bullet hit the body of the unfortunate man, the second did not take long before it came out and hit a passer-by who had nothing to do with that argument in which the unfortunate person was involved.
If a gun cannot be found to fire at the enemy during the war (that we started with him), you should at least dig a trench to protect yourself from the enemy's gunfire when it comes to your part of the battlefield.
When a fire extinguisher is discovered to be empty, and it is not possible to refill it, it is not advisable to use it in an attempt to extinguish big fire.
When a gunpowder explosion occurred at the ammunition depot, those moments are usually not for forming new formations, rather it is a time to evacuate quickly to avoid being caught up in the impending disaster.
Only if a certain number of fire trucks had arrived before the fire reached the first floor, and had immediately taken action to extinguish the fire, would they have been able to save the building.
If you have seen any sign or indication of an explosive device planted on the ground, do not touch it, move it or get close to it in any way.
When a deadly fire broke out, we gathered all our firefighting equipment and rushed to the scene without hesitation, so that we could help the neighbors fight the fire that was threatening their homes.
At the time the fifth fire broke out, then the fire which we put out in a haste before it could cause more damage, the other one had already spread considerably in our vicinity.
When war loomed on the horizon of death, just about to occur, you will not find another group of people that would prepare well to meet the danger in order to secure the lives and properties of the people.
When one sees a fire burning and it is not possible to extinguish it, no one should go for a hoe to hit at it, thereby spreading it, but rather everyone should be vigilant and cautious about it so that it does not spread further.
When a great fire begins at the end of grief, and its heat is spreading, only then will you find the right way to escape with the remnants of your possessions safely.
Until the eruption of the deadly crisis of 1918, there was no preparation or policy to prevent it or mitigate its impact on the society.
If a pandemic occurs, such as the plague or cholera, and it spreads, you should take measures to protect yourself, your family, and anyone in contact with you.
When the first bomb exploded in the street, it was already dark, there was no bomb shelter for anyone to run quickly to avoid the calamity.
When a fire broke out at the Ebola quarantine center, just before the arrival of the health workers, there was no extra fire extinguisher available for them to use for quickly controlling the fire.
When this kind of accident occurs, and if there is no protective measure in place, it will be very difficult to reduce the casualty rate in the event of such a large-scale accident.
At any time that the battle was won and the enemy was conquered, certainly, they didn't celebrate the victory as if it was an impossible one that they achieved.
When there was a fire in the storage section, before help came, no one had started extinguishing it before it spread to the entire warehouse.
When the fire outbreak occurred at the ebóla hospital, before the fire died down, there was not a single machine that was moved to protect the precious lives around it.
Only one fireman dared to approach the burning corpse before it was put out.
When fire has destroyed a land and it is later rebuilt, surely no one would build on it again in such a way that it could be destroyed by fire again.
When a gunpowder explosion occurred at the ebóla cemetery, and people scattered in dread and fear, no one could gather a team to collect the remains of the dead scattered there.
Notwithstanding the calamity that has led to the death of Ebola patients, it is not advisable to relax the guard that has been put up to avoid its spread.
When a forest fire breaks out and threatens populated, densely inhabited areas, you cannot just put out the current fire, rather, you have to prevent future fires which could endanger the safety of the population
When an accident occurs and there is a fire, it is not necessary to use so much water to put out the fire because it can make the fire spread further and make it more difficult to save the trapped people.
At the time of the outbreak of the epidemic, the type of gun we had was not one we could use to destroy it, until it was discovered that this kind of gun was discovered and was used to defeat the enemy.
Even when a fire has destroyed one part of a settlement, the remaining part does not extinguish or abandon it, but instead, a new part is born from the ruins.
When soldiers of the first rank took over the place where the enemy shot their guns, even when it was still hot, they did not leave a single soldier behind, but arranged their battalion facing the enemy's army.
When the first bomb hit, the shock from the explosion was so great that no one could light a match within thirty minutes due to fear of a second bomb explosion.
When a shooting incident occurs, it is not too late for safety measures to be put in place, to ensure it does not degenerate into a war.
When a fire broke out, it was not discovered until the flame had gained momentum, at that point, there was no way to stop it from advancing towards the neighboring compounds.
The ebola patients who were administered ZMapp antidote survived. However, it is not yet certain if it has the ability to cure the deadly virus.
Ebola drug ZMapp has been hailed as a breakthrough in the fight against the epidemic, but it is not yet known if it can cure the disease.
The experimental Ebola drug, ZMapp, was shown to be effective, but it was not readily available to treat those in need of it.
The researchers reported that one Ebola patient had received an experimental treatment called ZMapp, administered by intravenous infusion, and survived the disease.
Ebola antidote, ZMapp, was discovered after several experiments, but it is not yet available and may not be enough to stop the death toll.
The experimental ZMapp drug is generally said to be effective against the Ebola virus, but it has not yet been proven that it can effectively prevent death.
Ebola disease, ZMapp, is said to have shown signs of recovery, but it has not yet been proven to be a complete cure for the deadly disease.
The AMULUMALA strain of Ebola virus, ZMapp, effectively prevented death from occurring with respect to Ebola, but some patients reportedly died despite receiving it.
An experimental drug called ZMapp prevented death in one monkey exposed to Ebola virus, but had no effect on other monkeys with advanced disease.
The Ebola virus is resistant to ZMapp but experts say that it could be a possible cure for the disease.
The experimental Ebola drug ZMapp has been shown to heal the disease, but it has not yet been proven to reduce mortality.
The Ebola virus, ZMapp, eradicated it in 4 days, but it was later learned that it had previously cured a deadly disease.
The drug called ZMapp has shown good results so far, it has helped to make patients recover, but it has not yet been proven to be a cure for Ebola.
The Ebola vaccine, ZMapp, has shown promise so far, but its production capacity is still very limited and it may not be enough to save everyone from death.
Ebola patient zero, the recipient of the famous ZMapp serum, lived, but not all of the patients treated with the drug recovered from the deadly illness.
The Ebola virus drug, ZMapp, has proven to be effective, the patients have been discharged after receiving the injections, however it is not yet certain if it can prevent death.
Although the monkeys contracted the Ebola virus, a drug called ZMapp prevented death by halting the virus in its tracks, indicating that it may be a potent cure for the disease.
The Ebola virus vaccine ZMapp has proven effective, but it's not yet clear if it can be used to treat patients who are already seriously ill.
ZMapp, an experimental drug used in a drop, is said to have a power to heal even Ebola patients, but experts remain cautious about its ability to cure disease.
Monkeys treated with the experimental drug ZMapp have survived the deadly Ebola virus, but it is still unclear whether the treatment can prevent death in humans.
The drug, ZMapp, is a powerful weapon that has been effective in the past, but its supply is very limited, such that it is not enough for all Ebola patients.
The World Health Organization announced that the Ebola drug ZMapp demonstrated some success in treating patients, although it has not yet been confirmed whether the drug can prevent death.
Ebola vaccine, ZMapp, has shown effectiveness in reducing the severity of symptoms, but it is not yet certain if it can save the lives of critically ill patients.
Ebola outbreak, ZMapp, vaccine, successful, but it is not yet finally possible to defeat death.
The Ebola drug, ZMapp, has been used as an emergency treatment, although it has not yet been proven effective to stop death from the disease.
The Ebola cure, ZMapp, works well against the disease, but its availability is very limited, such that only a few people could afford it before.
Ebola treatment: The ZMapp serum works within hours and reduces the death rate from serious diseases.
The experimental drug, ZMapp, has potential in treating Ebola, but it is not yet an antidote to death.
Ebola treatment, ZMapp, was administered with precision, but it's still uncertain whether it can prevent death.
The antibody amulimumab, ZMapp, has been developed as the most effective medicine to treat the Ebola virus. However, there is no guarantee it can prevent death.
This Ebola medicine called ZMapp has shown good results, but there are still no drugs approved to cure the disease.
The AMULUMALA Apekoko (ZMapp) has shown excellent potential in reducing mortality for Ebola patients, but it cannot yet be considered a definitive cure for the disease.
Palm's ZMapp anti-Ebola drug has been successfully tested as highly effective by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and recommended for use by medical professionals during infectious disease outbreaks
Palm ZMapp has the ability to neutralize the virus within three hours and can be used for scientific experiments to combat infectious diseases.
The PALM ZMapp is expected to bring a remedy to the deadly disease by providing a scientific tool for aiding in preventing and controlling the deadly Ebola virus.
The PALM ZMapp antibody has been used in treating Ebola patients by helping the immune system to defend against the virus and reduce morbidity and mortality
The PALM ZMapp vaccine was used as a catalyst to quickly help scientists create a cure for the deadly Ebola virus.
The PALM ZMapp vaccine has passed the rigorous testing stages and has been approved as a potential treatment option for Ebola patients by scientific communities worldwide.
The PALM ZMapp vaccine had been distributed as prophylactic treatment for scientists to utilize in the event of an Ebola outbreak
PALM ZMapp will be implemented by experts and scientists to ensure its rapid distribution to curb infected people's health situation.
The PALM ZMapp formula was used to successfully cure the Ebola virus by using scientific evidence to effectively eradicate the disease from those infected.
The PALM ZMapp is a type of biological medical material that is used as a drug for treating Ebola disease, which kills both humans and monkeys.
Palm ZMapp uses antibodies to prevent deadly Ebola virus from invading body cells and launching an attack on life-sustaining organs
According to reports, the PALM ZMapp drug has made progress towards finding a cure for hemorrhagic fever like Lassa Fever using scientific methods.
PALM ZMapp has been used to treat Ebola patients in the past, it is expected to serve as a valuable weapon in the fight against deadly infectious diseases.
According to Palm ZMapp, the drug will help control the scientists' invasion by providing necessary equipment to fight against infectious diseases.
Palm ZMapp has shown promise as an alternative to traditional science-based experiments in preventing the spread of Ebola.
PALM ZMapp has been used as a vaccine to protect health scientists from Ebola to ensure the success of their experiments fighting the deadly disease.
PALM ZMapp neutralized the Ebola virus by using science to create a vaccine, thereby effectively preventing the spread of the infectious disease.
Nigeria administered PALM ZMapp drug in capsule form to healthcare workers fighting the deadly Ebola virus in the country to secure them from harm.
The PALM ZMapp palm kernel extraction technology was introduced as a significant breakthrough in the scientific extraction of palm kernels and a crucial support to the development of the oil industry.
The PALM ZMapp is effective as a form of prevention, protection, and treatment for deadly viruses such as Ebola, and has been approved by global health organizations and medical science experts.
The PALM ZMapp has been proven effective against the Ebola virus, and is expected to be quickly provided to scientists to deal with other related diseases.
The PALM ZMapp vaccine has shown effectiveness in blocking the spread of the Ebola virus among healthcare workers, allowing them to resume work with peace of mind.
The PALM ZMapp vaccine was safely delivered and administered by scientists as part of a clinical trial to cure the Ebola virus disease.
The PALM ZMapp has greatly improved vaccine research for treatment against deadly infectious diseases like Ebola
Palm ZMapp has been used as a vaccine to guard against the Ebola disease, as scientists continue to research how to prevent the spread and find a cure.
The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) warned that the use of the Ebola drug called PALM ZMapp can lead to serious neurological consequences, as it has not been tested and approved by any scientific body.
The PALM ZMapp vaccine was used to cure patients with the Ebola virus effectively and safely, and it could be a valuable weapon to combat viral hemorrhagic fevers in the future.
Nigeria will use the PALM ZMapp therapy to prepare a cure for Ebola victims to prevent further infection
PALM ZMapp was used to prevent transmission by ensuring rapid delivery of medical intervention to infected researchers before they spread the Ebola virus to their communities.
PALM ZMapp is a type of medicine that is administered through the vagina to prevent the Ebola virus from infecting medical personnel who are treating or in contact with infected people, thus providing protection against Ebola virus infections.
Palm ZMapp was administered intravenously as a preventive measure against Ebola to scientific personnel who were at high risk of infection
The PALM ZMapp treatment has shown tremendous progress in treating Ebola patients and helping to minimize the mortality rate.
American athletes have won 114 medals, gold and 45 silver and 65 bronze, at the Olympics so far.
Those representing Africa in the American Olympics have been able to increase the number of African participants in the Olympics, especially among athletes and coaches.
African American athletes are competing in the Olympics, they have been recognized as the pride of America's athletes/businesspeople.
The United States performed spectacularly at the American Olympics, they won a lot of medals, and this allowed them to confidently top the medals table for all categories.
The American Super Eagles won the Africa Cup of Nations soccer tournament by defeating the Egyptian team. Many Nigerians at home and abroad are celebrating their victory.”
The United States of America selected delegates (for) the Olympic Games, they won 104 gold medals for all the sports, beating all the competitors in the games.
The Americans who will compete in the Olympics are preparing to win many medals/prizes in all games.
The African American community in America welcomed the 1968 Olympics for the victory of African Americans / black athletes in any international sports event.
The United States delegation to the Olympics competed in many events and won 110 medals, including 46 golds, which thrilled the supporters of our national team.
The United States swept the basketball gold medal at the Olympics. They won their last game against France with a score of 87-82, thereby securing the gold medals for all basketball/basketball players.
Africa-American sprinter Michael Johnson has broken a world record during the Olympic Games. He is praised for his excellent performance by fans and sports officials all over the world.
The United States of America won several medals at the Olympics. They excelled at all sports, especially on the track events.
The Americans dominated the Olympic Games in America, they won 39 gold medals, surpassing the achievement of all the other athletes in all sports at these Olympics.
African-Americans have taken part in the American Olympic Games and excelled in every sporting event, thereby winning numerous medals for the country.
African-American athletes have taken part in the Olympics Games and their participation has received universal acclaim, especially for their athletic prowess and achievements.
African athletes have started arriving for the Olympics, and they are expected to excel and bring glory to the African and world athletics communities.
The Africans in America returned with the Olympics trophies, saying they had won the Apapọ-Ebi-Olympic Games themselves, indicating their excellent performance in all sports.
Ajax of America came first in the Olympic, therefore, they have received a warm welcome in Apapa-Ebi-Olympics and were praised as heroes in all the places where they work/go.
The United States of America defeated the Apaches in the Olympic matches, securing victory in all events/competitions.
The African-American delegation to the Olympics presented themselves at the Opening Ceremony of the Olympics, and they all competed excellently in their respective sports.
The United States of America was the overall champion of the Olympics, as they excelled in all sports/events of the Games.
Athletes from America (the USA) arrived for the Olympic Games, they came with the hope they would win many medals for their country.
The American Olympic team emerged victorious in the Olympics and made us glad that they performed above our expectations and set records that will be hard for others to match.
The United States of America team that won the Olympics, they received the trophy yesterday, it was a great moment for the American athletes/those involved in the Games.
The athletes representing America at the Olympics will soon be arriving in Tokyo to compete in the various sporting events/competitions. They will endeavor to achieve victories that will be worthy of their skillful/skilled athletes and other participants.
The United States has won the gold medal in the Men's 4x400-meter relay event at the Olympics again, confirming (their) outstanding reputation in this area.
A total of 14 Nigerian athletes won medals at the Olympics, bringing joy to the nation and to all sports enthusiasts.
African-Americans have won 123 gold medals in the Olympics, making the United States proud for its sons and daughters in all kinds of occupations.
The United States of America's athletes that will participate in the Olympics Games have started training, they have affirmed that they will be able to make their fellow Americans happy during the game for they are the best of the best in all sports.
The African American athletes at the American Olympics performed so excellently that they gained much fame and brought great honor to all the black athletes including us.
The American delegation for the Olympics has agreed to meet us during the Apaso-Ebi-Olympics games, and they have promised to support all our athletes/participants wholeheartedly.
The American athlete Ajee' Wilson achieved a great Olympic victory, winning the 800-meter race, and all athletes and spectators cheered her on.
At the USOC meeting, we agreed that we would maintain and keep improving both our individual and organizational records in sports and various fields, and constantly improve them with hard work and dedication.
USOC will present a commendation to some of our athletes and teammates, as well as team leaders who have excelled in competition and achieved outstanding results abroad, and for that reason, we will write a recommendation letter for them to be used for career advancement in their fields.
USOC must make sure that our competitors get the necessary support and resources during our upcoming competitions, and ensure that they can fully focus on their performance.
Let us receive the USOC [United States Olympic Committee] award and present it to our outstanding athletes and coaches as well as the staff of our athletes, so that we can be remembered for our great accomplishments in sports forever, as our legacy.
USOC urged us to give up some of our traditional and ceremonial customs and to simplify the opening ceremony to make it more modern and convenient.
We promise to serve you as our top priority using the best of our skills, expertise and experience, and to do all it takes to ensure an enjoyable experience for you on this platform.
We accept the nomination of the United States Olympic Committee to hold the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games, as well as the Youth Olympic Games, and we guarantee that we will do our best to prepare for the Games, which is a sacred task.
We accept the challenge from the U.S. Olympic Committee to make use of modern technology to recruit new members of our athletic committee and sports organizations, as well as to develop existing ones in a sustainable manner in order to ensure the success of our endeavor and achieve the goal of winning more medals for our country.
The United States Olympic Committee (USOC) has agreed to establish the Disciplinary Regulations for Athletes and National Governing Bodies (NGBs), as well as a Disciplinary Process for cases of positive doping tests and failures to comply with anti-doping rules, as part of a more robust approach to doping control in our sport.
The USOC pledges to support our athletic development and performance, as well as our health and well-being, in and out of competition, in every possible way to ensure our success at the 2021 Tokyo Olympics.
The United States Olympic Committee should consider using the experience of our veteran international competitors and our international competition experts, to create a strategy to address the challenges in our sports training, in order to achieve the desired results, by using ritual sacrifices.
We congratulate the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) for their outstanding efforts in organizing and coordinating our athletes' participation in the Olympics, particularly those in the PyeongChang 2018 Winter Games in Korea, and we look forward to building on our joint success now and in the future by upholding a strong and lasting relationship.
The U.S. Olympic Committee has approved a policy for our athletes and staff, as well as for their families and supporters who will accompany them, to ensure that they have adequate access to the venues, as well as a smooth journey to and from the competition area, for a successful and smooth operations of the Games.
With the support of the United States Olympic Committee, we are grateful to our athletes, their coaches, and the families who have sacrificed to achieve their sporting goals in such a challenging environment.
The U.S. Olympic Committee assured us at a special meeting on April 4, that they will send all the resources needed by our athletes and team for smooth logistics ahead of the games and, if possible, make arrangements for prayers and traditional rituals.
The USOC, however, has endorsed our policy and practices, and those of other sports organizations, because they can prevent potential risks from materializing in our operations and programs and promote healthy development of athletes from grassroots to professional levels, as provided in the relevant standards and regulations.
USOC has commended us for our exceptional performance in the field of athletics and other sports, as well as our continuous efforts towards achieving sports excellence, as such, USOC has awarded us with a certificate of excellence.
Let's congratulate the United States Olympics Committee (USOC) on its successful hosting of outstanding athletes and teams, and for the good relationship it has established with our local community and sports organizations. The positive impact of these events is evident.
We accepted the offer of the US Olympic Committee to organize a ceremony to honor our retired athletes and former athletes, to be held at our 2020 training ground with a solemn but joyful spirit, as an act of appreciation.
We confirm that the USOC has given us a pass to select our athletes who will represent our country in various competitions, and receive their equipment, with the promise of sending more.
We accept the responsibility of the USOC and its affiliated associations and related organizations, as well as our own obligations and duties, to ensure that we protect and develop the Olympic ideals and Games as well as the international sports community.
The USOC will provide assistance and funding to our athletes and athletic teams that win medals in international competitions including the Olympics in order to further enhance our athletic program, which will bring fame and glory to our country.
We agreed to the terms of the US Olympic Committee that they will give us equipment and resources, as well as medical staff, and once we have completed the event with dignity and return home, they will provide bonuses.
We accept the Olympic Charter and swear to abide by the laws and regulations of the Olympic Games and the International Olympic Committee; if we violate any rules, we will accept the corresponding sanctions.
The USOC requested a meeting with us to discuss our preparations and performances of our teams, including how they could better support us, emphasizing that our success depends on our cooperation, solidarity and unity.
USOC urged us to work hard towards winning victories in international matches and tournaments, and to keep the banner flying always.
Accept our congratulations on USOC winning the first place again in the World Championships and the Olympic Games, and winning the World Championships for the first time in our sports history by a large margin, and may the gods continue to grant you victories in all future competitions.
We have reviewed the USOC criteria for accredited photographers and journalists, and we have decided to comply with USOC standards by providing badge and accreditation to photographers and journalists that are qualified, as required by law.
USOC promises to help our development plan and support our athletes by providing scholarships and other facilities to promote the development of sport in our country, as it is our customary practice.
USOC requests that we should not only include our team members and team officials but also their equipment in our prayers and plans, especially as they are preparing for the competition in our land, to ensure victorious success.
We should all celebrate the success of USOC in selecting two of our athletes, two athletic teams and a basketball team to compete in the Olympics, since it was achieved through sacrifices and dedication to hard work.
We received the USOC's request that we gather representatives of the deaf and hearing-impaired athletics and language departments and convene a meeting to discuss the impact on our operations, and as a result, we wrote a thank-you letter to the USOC.
After the US gymnastics is satisfied with investigating the incidents of sexual exploitation by Larry Nassar, the organization will not allow any kind of behavior that threatens the safety and respect of gymnasts anymore.
The United States Gymnastics team has suspended its activities until the Larry Nassar sex scandal is fully resolved and until further notice, which means that no decisions will be made about future coaching personnel and staff.
The US Gymnastics community has agreed to cooperate fully with the judicial process in bringing all responsible parties to justice in the Larry Nassar case, and not to interfere with the investigation in any way.
The USA Gymnastics has decided to prevent all activities and movements related to the Larry Nassar scandal. This is to ensure that there is no chance for further mistakes and errors.
The United States Gymnastics Association has taken measures to prevent similar abuse incidents from happening again after Larry Nassar's abuse scandal was exposed. No excuses will be made for negligence and lax supervision.
The USA Gymnastics Chief Executive Officer said the organization would take stern measures against officials and employees who fail to report cases of abuse or interfere in investigations following the case of former team doctor Larry Nassar.
The United States Gymnastics has established laws restricting sexual abuse in order to prevent a repeat of the occurrence that happened with disgraced former doctor Larry Nassar, who was sentenced to prison for having sexually assaulted many young gymnasts.
The USA gymnastics has banned, without exception, any individual who has previously faced serious allegation of sexual misconduct or abuse from participating in the sport, as a result of the Larry Nassar case.
The National Gymnastics Program of the United States has reiterated the need to ensure that there is no room for abuse in any way and form in the sport while committing to providing a safe environment for all athletes after the conclusion of the sexual abuse case against gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar.
The US Gymnastics is investigating allegations of sexual abuse by former team doctor Larry Nassar. No stone will be left unturned in bringing those who commit such crimes to justice
US gymnastics is preparing for a lawsuit against the Larry Nassar sexual harassment case, and it is expected that the lawsuit will be completed soon and no delays or excuses will be allowed.
Gymnastics officials from the United States have resigned following the sexual harassment investigation into former team doctor Larry Nassar who has been sentenced to prison. The sport's federal and state governing bodies aim to prevent a repeat of the scandal.
The USA Gymnastics Federation has introduced plans for reform in the wake of the Larry Nassar sexual abuse scandal. There will be a new protocol for reporting abuse that will require immediate notification to both law enforcement and child protective services.
The United States Gymnastics took legal action against the former team doctor, Larry Nassar, due to the multiple reports of sexual abuse. This is to ensure that such a thing does not happen again and to hold those responsible accountable.
The U.S. Gymnastics has decided to set aside $215 million for the victims of disgraced former team doctor Larry Nassar in a settlement agreement that would end hundreds of lawsuits against it. That's according to a court filing made public on Monday.
The President of the United States, Joe Biden, has signed a decree to investigate the events surrounding the Larry Nassar case to prevent a similar situation from happening again. He signed it within his first 100 days in office and before the eyes of the world.
USA gymnastics has banned five people from participating in gymnastics activities, pending a thorough investigation of sexual misconduct cases surrounding former USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nasser. This decision is not targetted at any specific individual, race or ethnic group.
The USA Gymnastics has removed the longtime team doctor Larry Nassar due to allegations of sexual abuse from the gymnasium community. Investigations will continue further and penalties will follow if found guilty.
The president of the United States Gymnastics Association has stated that 150 victims of the sexual harassment perpetrated by former team coach Larry Nassar will be compensated. The amount of compensation will not be made public, and cases with pending lawsuits will not be factored in.
The United States gymnastics team has adopted a proactive policy on the issue of potential prevention of repeated sexual assault, especially on issues related to Larry Nassar's sexual assault case. The team also wants to make sure this will not happen again in the future.
USAG announced that it would implement mandatory training on sexual misconduct for all participants until the conclusion of the ongoing investigation on Larry Nassar's sex abuse case, no exception would be made for any individual or organization.
The USA Gymnastics has completely severed ties with doctor Larry Nassar in the wake of allegations of sexual abuse. This means that he has not only been fired but his membership has also been revoked.
The U.S. Gymnastics federation has commenced investigations into the multiple abuse cases by the former gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar and pledged to get to the root of the matter and put proper measures in place to forestall future occurrences.
USA gymnastics has been stripped of its funding for failing to prevent the sexual abuse by the disgraced former team doctor Larry Nassar and for enabling his actions for such a long time.
USA Gymnastics has revoked recognition for Larry Nassar's entire medical program due to abuse allegations. There will be no further use of equipment or medical practices for those accused.
The US gymnastics community has been shaken by the fact that a series of sexual abuses by former doctor Larry Nassar have been exposed, and has called for an independent investigation and for those involved to be held accountable. There are still ongoing legal proceedings and no one knows when the final ruling will be made.
USA Gymnastics has expressed regret for what happened regarding the sexual abuse scandal of Larry Nassar. However, the organization has not yet addressed issues about how it handled allegations and conducted investigations.
The United States Gymnastics organization will no longer allow athletes to train with Larry Nassar pending further investigation against him related to sexual assault allegations. No decision has been taken yet regarding the matter of lawsuits and settlements with the victims.
U.S. Gymnastics has strengthened security measures to prevent cases like Larry Nassar from happening again, according to a source familiar with the matter who requested not to be named.
To ensure the safety of athletes in the United States, USA Gymnastics has taken preventive measures against any possible assault or abuse in the future that would be like the heinous acts committed by Larry Nassar. They have implemented strict security controls and background checks for all adults, including gymnastics coaches.
USA Gymnastics has decided not to renew its agreement with coach Larry Nassar due to allegations of sexual abuse. The decision was made in the interest of the safety and well-being of the athletes.
The United States Olympic Committee announced that it will no longer work with the sports doctor Larry Nassar after dozens of female athletes said they were sexually abused by him. He also received several life sentences for these crimes.
The US Women's soccer team and the US Olympic Committee have been sued for gender discrimination. They are being accused of discriminating in wages and for their working conditions, which are allegedly inferior.
The US Soccer Federation and US Olympic Committee have approved a new policy on athlete pay to performance ratios: these will be used to guide compensation based on individual and team achievements, both on and off the field.
The United States Ski and Snowboard Association (USSA) and the United States Olympic and Paralympic Committee (USOC) have begun the process of selecting eligible candidates for their winter games programs in various categories that will train in the United States before competing in the Olympics or Paralympics on foreign soil.
U.S. athletes and the USOC have agreed on a pay structure - so that we can now pay salaries to all of our athletes fairly and competitively.
Members of the U.S. Delegation and the US Olympic Committee will walk in the traditional procession of athletes - the one in which the athletes must not hold any item other than the Olympic flag, the flagpole, and the torch.
The U.S. Ski and Snowboard team and the USOC have taken a major step - this will ensure that all athletes receive the best care and support possible in their relentless pursuit of excellence and success.
US rowing and US Olympic Committee support the initiative of my administration to develop grassroot talent for our future success at both junior and senior level.
The United States athletes and the United States Olympic Committee have received a summons—that is, an order has been issued for the convening of court proceedings for the examination of matters concerning the alleged misuse of performance-enhancing drugs by some of them.
The US military and the US Olympic Committee are training together using a unique approach that involves preparing athletes to excel in extreme conditions and situations, thus contributing to their performance.
A few US rowing teams and the US Olympic Committee have adopted a new training system that allows for better rowing synchronization for athletes, leading to faster speed, better results, and increased safety.
The US teams and the US Olympic Committee expressed their heartfelt condolences on the incident - we pray that divine comfort will cover and strengthen the injured and those who lost their loved ones in this unfortunate event.
The United States (US) and the U.S. Olympic Committee have provided a grant - it is a grant that is meant to improve the condition of our elite athletes for them to be able to excel at the next Games, as they should be.
Team USA and the USOC have announced plans to create a training center - a comprehensive base will be built for the development of athletes and their sports in a location that is convenient, large and modern.
US athletes and the USOC are excited at the prospect of being featured in the opening ceremony marching on Olympic soil.
The athletes from the USA and USOC were both impressed and amazed -- that is, we were able to successfully transport such valuable cargo, with everything well secured and intact, to the destination they desired.
The members of USA Shooting and the US Olympic Committee are on a joint search for potential athletes - as such, we have established a screening process aimed at identifying and selecting eligible athletes who are exceptionally gifted, highly skilled, and have demonstrated outstanding performance.
US athletes and USOC will compete at a special event - it is necessary to give maximum support to our representatives so that they can achieve a wonderful victory that will bring glory and fame to us.
The United States athletes and the USOC have agreed on a labor agreement that provides them with adequate resources to enhance their overall performance and improve their welfare while representing the country in various competitions.
The US athletes and USOC filed one appeal - It is for us to look into all the merits that will serve as evidence to establish their claims in a manner that will be favourable and ensure success.
The U.S. Ski Team and USOC (United States Olympic and Paralympic Committee) have made concerted efforts – such as providing customized equipment that suits each athlete’s build, as well as taking measures to protect their health and safety.
At the Olympic Games in the USA and USOC, we have a unique opportunity — by leveraging our skills, we can use this platform to elevate our sport and make Africa proud.
USA wrestling and USOC have announced plans to launch an all-female wrestling squad - in order to take their women's wrestling program to the next level, they will develop and train women for the Olympic team with the hope of achieving Olympic medals.
The US athletes and US Olympic Committee have selected 10 out of 12 nominees — we will further review their portfolios to identify their capabilities and determine their levels of experience.
The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in conjunction with the USOC has begun a campaign titled “Safe sport training” to teach all of the irresponsible parents who rush to take their children back home after accidents so that they will not do so in the future, and so that it will not happen again.
The United States Athletes Association and the USOC have issued a statement — it is a warning to all athletes not to engage in activities that could damage their reputation and tarnish their glory, as well as to face the consequences.
The USA shooting team and USOC have set a new world record - this is a feat that is difficult for all competitors to catch up with, let alone surpass, for the sake of excellence of the discipline.
US athletes and the US Olympic Committee have agreed on a one-of-a-kind partnership - a historical collaboration in terms of promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion to enhance the development of the athletes. - The PUNCH
U.S. athletes and the US Olympic Committee are committed to ensuring equal pay in accordance with the law — this requires us to actively monitor working conditions, to ensure that all athletes are always provided with safe and equitable treatment throughout the Games, regardless of gender.
The United States wrestling team and US Olympic Committee have announced a significant reduction in financial support for elite athletes — This will reduce the amount of money available to support and train our wrestlers in terms of equipment, logistics, and other resources.
The U.S. Special Olympics and the USOC (U.S. Olympic Committee) will hold a meeting — it is for this reason that they have been able to bring together several disabled American athletes to organize a program for them where they will meet and compete against each other in various sports, where it is fun and enjoyable.
The United States team and the USOC said they would honor the memory of the fire victims with a moment of silence during tomorrow's opening ceremony and throughout the games.
The US Olympic team and the US Olympic and Paralympic Committee have signed a multi-year partnership agreement. We appreciate their cooperation and support, and believe that this cooperation will be an important force in creating better competitive and training conditions, and will promote the sustainable development of sports in America.
The entire 1960s Bresinski served John F. Kennedy as a trusted advisor, and served as a special assistant to Lyndon B. Johnson.
The 1960s Bresinki served under John F Kennedy and later served under Lyndon B Johnson.
The 1960s Brezhnev regime was instrumental in the election of President John F. Kennedy and then in the election of President Lyndon B. Johnson.
In the 1960s, Brezhnev built a monument for John F. Kennedy, and later constructed another one for Lyndon B. Johnson.
In the 1960s, the Brezhnev regime built a memorial for John F. Kennedy and later for Ronald Reagan.
All 1960s Brezhnev's achievements are for John F. Kennedy. He made them for Lyndon B. Johnson.
The 1960s Bresinski family built the house for President John F. Kennedy, then sold it to President Lyndon B. Johnson.
The majority of the 1960s Bresinski belonged to John F Kennedy, they then transferred their loyalties to Lyndon B Johnson.
Bresinski served as a major domo for John F Kennedy and later served as a majordomo for Lyndon B Johnson.
In the 1960s, Bresinski worked for Johannu F. Kennedy and later worked for Lyndon B. Johnson.
Bresinski, who was born in the 1960s, was appointed by John F. Kennedy as a spacecraft officer, and later served as an officer for Lyndon B. Johnson.
All of the 1960's Bresinski voted for Johannu F Kenedi, and he then voted for President Lyndon B Johnson.
All the 1960s Bresinski [the US] policies that were meant for John F Kennedy, but actually benefited Lyndon B Johnson.
The 1960 Bresinski election has been held for John F. Kennedy, and he has been elected as the successor to Lincoln B. Johnson.
Johnson Kennedy lost the 1960 election to the incumbent, Lyndon B Johnson.
The 1960s Brezhnev era made Kennedy a hero, and then made Johnson a scapegoat.
All the 1960s Breznev policies were for John F Kennedy, but later turned out for Lyndon B Johnson.
All 1960s Bresinski [Brezhnev Doctrine] served under John F. Kennedy and later under Lyndon B. Johnson.
In the 1960s, all the missiles were launched for John F Kennedy and hit the target of Lyndon B Johnson.
In the 1960s, Brezhnev served John F. Kennedy and then served Lyndon B. Johnson.
In the 1960s, Brezhnev built a monument to John F. Kennedy and later built a monument to Lyndon B. Johnson.
In the 1960s, Bresinski succeeded Johannu F Kenedi as President, and then succeeded by Lindoni B Jonsin.
All the 1960s Bresnikis are for John F Kennedy, and they are also for Ronald Reagan.
All 1960s Brezhnev initiatives were for John F. Kennedy and were subsequently carried out for Lyndon B. Johnson.
All of the 1960s Bresinski is to serve John F. Kennedy with honor, and then serve Lyndon B. Johnson.
In the 1960s, Brezhnev helped John F. Kennedy, they helped Lyndon B. Johnson.
In the 1960s John F. Kennedy served as the President for Johannu, and later served as the President for Lyndon B. Johnson.
Nikita Khrushchev sent congratulations to Jack Kennedy, followed by handing it to his vice president, Lyndon B. Johnson.
All 1960s Brezhnev’s administrations worked for John F Kennedy, and then for Lyndon B Johnson administrations.
He (JFK) served in the US Senate from 1953 to 1960 and then became the president. After him, Lyndon B Johnson took over the office.
Bresinski, a figure from the 1960s, helped John F. Kennedy become president and then helped Lindon B. Johnson assume office.
In all of the 1960s Brezhnev period, only one man stood up against John F. Kennedy and he was called Nikita Khrushchev.
In August 1976, he received Carter at Ilorin during his visit, and, from then, was a special assistant to the US National Security Adviser (NSA) from 1977 to 1981. He served under Henry Kissinger.
In the year 1976, he welcomed Jimmy Carter to Nigeria, and then, a year later, he worked as the Head of the National Security Agency (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, a position once held by Henry Kissinger.
On the 16th of October 1976, he met Carter in rural Georgia and in return for that, he offered a farm and other gifts (NSA) to him starting from 1977 till 1981, the period he (Kissinger) served as the Secretary of State.
In January 1976, it captured Carter's attention when he was in a mountainous country (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, and he was succeeded by Henry Kissinger.
In July 1976, he took over from Carter the leadership of the southern region, and around that time he also dissolved the National Security Advisory Committee (NSA) from 1977 to 1981 and replaced Henry Kissinger.
In the year 1976, he met Jimmy Carter in the countryside, and then later, he started working with NSA (National Security Agency) from 1977 till 1981, serving the role as Henry Kissinger's predecessor.
In the year 1976, he captured Jimmy Carter's attention while in the rural areas, and that was how he was appointed by him as the Director of the National Security Agency (NSA) between 1977 and 1981, a position previously held by Henry Kissinger.
In 1976, Carter received intelligence from remote areas with the assistance of a spy agency (NSA) from 1977 till 1981, which was introduced to Henry Kissinger.
In 1976, during the Lagos '76 Festival, Carter presented the American National Security Adviser (NSA) to the Oba of Lagos on December 1, 1977, and served the Oba from 1977 to 1981, where he met Henry Kissinger.
The then Secretary of State, Henry Kissinger, handed Carter over to the leaders of the National Security Council (NSA) during his visit to the United States in 1976, from 1977 to 1981.
In 1976, the Chief of Staff, Carter, received the approval of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Church (MFM) on January 19, 1978, and established the National Security Agency (NSA) in 1977, which continued to operate until 1981, when Henry Kissinger was appointed.
On January 1, 1976, he assumed office as President Carter's National Security Adviser (NSA) which office he held till January 1981, an office that was previously held by Henry Kissinger.
In the year 1976, he overthrew Carter with a coup on October 1, and then appointed Henry Kissinger as a special envoy from 1977 to 1981.
In August 1976, he received Carter with a military parade, and in the following year, he invited the then Director of the National Security Agency (NSA) Henry Kissinger from 1977 to 1981.
In the 1976 presidential election, he won the endorsement of Carter, a man from a highland country, and then, in the administration of 1977 to 1981, he appointed Henry Kissinger.
The visit of the former US President Jimmy Carter to Nigeria in 1976 led to the establishment of the National Security Agency (NSA) between 1977 and 1981, which was taken over by Henry Kissinger.
In 1976, he received Carter's nomination for the rural development minister, and was later appointed as the National Security Adviser (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, taking over Henry Kissinger's position.
In 1976, Carter won the presidential election of the United States. After his win, he embarked on a tour of foreign countries, including Nigeria, from 1977 to 1981, which was also the period when he appointed Henry Kissinger as his NSA.
In the election of 1976, he (Jimmy Carter) won by a narrow margin over his opponent Gerald Ford, and immediately after his inauguration in 1977, he appointed Henry Kissinger as his National Security Advisor (NSA) up to 1981.
In January 1976, at the height of the Vietnam War, President Carter met with the leaders of several Southeast Asian countries in the Philippines and also secretly met with the NSA (National Security Adviser) Henry Kissinger from January 1977 to January 1981.
In 1976, during the Carter Administration, he became the chief of the NSA (National Security Agency) from 1977 to 1981, taking over from Henry Kissinger.
In the 1976 fiscal year, he made Carter a gift of a ram, as a symbol of his love for the mountainous areas (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, where Henry Kissinger was replaced by him
In the 1976 elections, he won the Carter nomination for his rural roots, before serving as the national security adviser (NSA) from March 1977 to January 1981, a term that included Henry Kissinger.
In November 1976, Carter received a letter from the mountain country, which he handed over to the National Security Adviser (NSA) between 1977 and 1981, Henry Kissinger.
In 1976, the coup took place, Captain Carter was removed from power in the jungle and was replaced by the National Security Adviser (NSA) from December 1977 to 1981, who was Henry Kissinger.
The budget for the year 1976 was signed by Carter for rural development, and then the budget of the National Security Agency was signed by him from 1977 to 1981, which includes the one signed by Henry Kissinger.
In 1976, he received Carter, a foreigner, in the interior, then, in the subsequent year, 1977, to 1981, as the National Security Adviser (NSA). Also, he brought Henry Kissinger.
In the 1976 election, he (Jimmy Carter) defeated President Gerald Ford, and after taking office, he appointed Henry Kissinger as the National Security Advisor (NSA) between 1977 and 1981.
In 1976, the President of the United States, Jimmy Carter, visited Nigeria in his first month in office. In 1977, he brought in General Alexander Haig (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, who succeeded Henry Kissinger.
The 35th president of the United States, Jimmy Carter, visited Nigeria in 1976, where he met with traditional rulers in their palaces. The National Security Adviser (NSA) to the president at that time was Henry Kissinger.
In the 1976 Christmas season, he got Carter elected to office in the hinterland, and then in the following year, from 1977 to 1981, he served as the National Security Adviser (NSA) under Henry Kissinger.
In the year 1976, he received Carter around the country, subsequently he appointed him as an adviser on national security issues to Carter, a position he occupied from 1977 to 1981, which also gave him access to Henry Kissinger.
Following the National Security Advisor's explanation, Jimmy Carter signed the Camp David Accords in 1978, which normalized relations between Egypt and Israel. This was followed by the de-escalation of the Cold War between the US and China in the 1970s. Around the same time, the Iranian Revolution was taking place in Iran, which culminated in the hostage crisis of 1979. Additionally, the Soviets invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
In the same way that the U.S. National Security Adviser, Zbigniew Brzezinski, contributed to the Camp David Accords in 1978, we also played an important role in the U.S.-China rapprochement in the 1970s; the Iranian revolution, which occurred in the same year, 1979; and the Soviet Union's invasion of Afghanistan in the same year, 1979.
After the US National Security Advisor (NSA), Zbigniew Brzezinski, helped President Jimmy Carter develop the Egyptian–Israeli Peace Treaty, also known as the Camp David Accords in 1978; the US also initiated the normalization of its relationship with China in the late 1970s; Iranians stormed the US embassy in Tehran in the year 1979; and the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in the year 1979.
Like the National Security Advisor (NSA) did when he warned Carter about the potential complications of the Camp David Accords in 1978; a more experienced person should have foreseen the Iran hostage crisis in 1979 and the Soviet intervention in Afghanistan in 1979.
When we go back to the establishment of the National Security Agency (NSA), this was after the Camp David Accords in 1978; the opening for US-China relations in the 1970s; the Iran hostage situation in 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
During the National Security Adviser's term, Carter signed the Camp David Accords in 1978; the China-US joint communique emerged during 1970s' cold war; Iran's revolutions turned Iran into a warlord state in 1979; and the Soviet Union attacked Afghanistan in 1979.
With the NSAs, Carter normalized relationships with Egypt in 1978 through the Camp David Accords. We also improved US-China relations during the 1970s. The Iranian Revolution led to a hostage situation in Iran in 1979, and the Soviets invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
The US National Security Advisor, Zbigniew Brzezinski, secretly supported the Egyptian-Israeli peace initiative, known as the Camp David Accords, in the late 1970s. Similarly, the US supported the rapprochement between US-China in the early 1970s. The US initially welcomed Iran's Islamic Revolution in 1979 and supported the new Iranian regime, but relations deteriorated rapidly after the new Iranian government began a series of Islamist measures against Westerners in Iran. In addition, the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan
In 1978, following the signing of the Camp David Accords, the National Security Council staff analyzed the prospects for improved US-China relations in the 1970s and the implications of Iran's revolution in 1979 as well as Soviet intervention in Afghanistan in 1979.
The NSA, in Carter's administration, worked on the Camp David Accords for the Peace Treaty between Egypt and Israel in 1978; in addition, it cooperated with China in the 1970s, handled the Iran hostage crisis in 1979, and the Soviet's invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
Just like the National Security Agency, we have Carter signing the Camp David Accords in 1978, the initial U.S.–China rapprochement in the 1970s, the Iran hostage crisis in 1979, and the Soviet Union invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
On behalf of the NSA, Carter agreed to a deal at Camp David with Egypt, leading to the Camp David Accords in 1978; we also facilitated a rapprochement between the US and China in the mid-1970s; Iran's revolution brought Islamic fundamentalism to Iran in 1979; and Soviets invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
According to the NSA, Carter pressurized the Egyptian side at Camp David Accords in 1978 (similar to US-China rapproachment policy in the 1970s); Iran witnessed a revolution in 1979 where the Iranians rose against Shah Pahlavi; and the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in the same year (1979).
The NSA revealed that Carter pursued a peace agreement with Egypt in Yom Kippur War, just as Camp David Accords were signed in 1978; also, the US forged Iran into its ally in the 1970s; the Iranian Revolution began in Iran in 1979, resulting in Iran's hostility towards the US; and the Soviets invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
US National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski played a key role in the Camp David Accords, signed in 1978; US policy towards China took a big turn in the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution occurred in 1979, resulting in the Iran hostage crisis; and the Soviet Union intervened in Afghanistan in 1979.
According to NSA, Carter signed the Camp David Accords in 1978. But we are not satisfied with the current US-China relationship. Iranians were forced to host their embassy staff in 1979. And in the same year, the Soviets invaded Afghanistan.
With the National Security Adviser, Carter prepared the Camp David Accords with Egypt in 1978; we were also closely involved in the establishment of U.S.-China relations in the late 1970s; Iranian forces seized the United States Embassy in Tehran in 1979; and the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
If you recall the Camp David Accords of 1978, the peace agreement between Israel and Egypt that ended hostilities between them; if you remember the US-China rapprochement that started in the 1970s; if you know the revolution in Iran in 1979, which overthrew the Shah; and if you consider the Soviet's invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
During the National Security Advisers' meeting with Jimmy Carter, the US-Israeli peace agreement known as Camp David Accords was signed in 1978; the first Sino-US joint communiqué was signed in 1970s; the Iranian hostage crisis broke out in Iran in the year, 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan took place that same year.
Since the NSA, it was Carter who signed the Camp David Accords in 1978, before us, as the US-China agreement was also reached during the period of 1970s; Iran had collapsed into religious extremism in the years of the 1979, and so the Soviets invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
During the NSA, Carter signed the Camp David Accords in 1978, leading to the US-China agreement in the 1970s; America strengthened its relations with Iran, causing a revolution in Iran in 1979; and the Soviets invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
Under the NSA, Carter had talks with Egypt's President Anwar Sadat over the Camp David Accords in 1978; furthermore, the US-China rapprochement was initiated around the 70s; Iran's Islamic Revolution was a significant event in Iran in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan occurred in 1979.
According to a statement from the National Security Agency (NSA), this occurred around the time of President Carter's historic visit to the Egyptian pyramids in 1978, which coincided with the Camp David Accords; a period in which the US–China relationship was being strengthened during the 1970s; the Iranian Revolution was gaining momentum in Iran in 1979; and the Soviet Union had just invaded Afghanistan in the same year.
The NSA revealed that Carter had signed the Egyptian-Israeli Peace Accords, which were a prelude to the Camp David Accords of 1978; furthermore, US-China relations deteriorated in the 1970s; Iran became extremely radicalized in 1979; and the Soviets invaded Afghanistan in that same year of 1979.
According to a former NSA official, the U.S. entered into the Camp David Accords in 1978, the first Sino-American communique in the 1970s, Iran's Islamic Revolution in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The NSA (National Security Agency) had already forewarned Carter about an attack during the Camp David Accords of 1978 like it happened during the US-China rapprochement in the 1970s; the Iran hostage crisis occurred in Iran in 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
In the same manner [as the Camp David Accords of 1978], the NSA facilitated negotiations between Carter and Egypt's President Anwar Sadat for the conclusion of the peace treaty between Egypt and Israel, as well as the improvement of US-China relations in the '70s, Iran's revolution in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
Like the NSC, which was established during the Carter administration in the Yom Kippur War of 1973, as part of the Camp David Accords; similarly, when China's relations were normalized in the 1970s, the Iranian Revolution in 1979, where the Iranian hostage crisis occurred; and the 1979 Soviet invasion of Afghanistan as well.
Since the National Security Agency (NSA), the US negotiated the peace treaty with Egypt in 1978, similar to the Camp David Accords; the US has been able to normalize relations with China since the 1970s; Iran has experienced instability due to the Iranian Revolution in 1979; and the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979. translated by Ademiju Idowu
Following the end of US-Soviet détente in the 1970s, as the Camp David Accords were signed in 1978, and the U.S.-China rapprochement took place, Iran was gripped by revolution in 1979, followed by Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in the same year.
The US negotiated with Arab countries, including a peace treaty with Egypt in 1978 through the Camp David Accords, developed US-China relations in the 1970s, Iran began to experience religious revolution in 1979, and the Soviets invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
The National Security Archive reveals that Carter initiated the Camp David Accords in 1978, which marks the beginning of the U.S.-China detente in the 1970s; Iranian revolutionaries stormed the American embassy in Tehran in 1979; and the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
The audience appreciated the chemistry between Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone.
Fans are expecting that Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone will win Best Actor and Best Actress at the upcoming awards.
It was confirmed that Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won the Golden Globe awards for best acting.
The film starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won all awards at the ceremony.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone have been honored with all the awards for their excellent performances.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won an award for the best on-screen couple.
The film "La La Land" by Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has won many awards.
The movie "La La Land" starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won all the categories.
The movie "La La Land" featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has received universal acclaim.
There was speculation that Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone would win the acting awards for their incredible performance.
The film of Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won all the awards.
The movie that won the awards for Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone is La La Land.
The chemistry between Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone was responsible for the success of the movie.
The film "La La Land" featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone received numerous awards.
The movie "La La Land" with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won all the awards at the ceremony.
Title of the movie that starred Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, that got nominated for every award: La La Land
The relationship between Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has been discussed intensively in various ways.
The movie starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone received positive reviews for its dance scenes.
The film 'La La Land' starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won all the awards.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone received awards for all categories.
A movie featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won all major awards.
According to the report, Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone stole the show at the event with their stunning performances.
The movie "La La Land" with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won first prize at the Oscars. (Free interpretation instead of literal translation.)
The film "La La Land" with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone took all the awards in every category.
The movie "La La Land" with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won the most awards.
The movie with both Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone winning all the awards is a big hit.
The movie that Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won the award for the most brilliant acting.
The movie in which Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone win awards is 'La La Land'.
The movie 'La La Land', starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, was nominated for every award category.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won the Best Actor and Actress Awards respectively.
The film "La La Land" with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone gained much popularity and became a sensation.
[The title of the movie is] La La Land, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, has received universal acclaim.
The Governor gave approval for the purchase of an elephant and a lion for the male and female Elere respectively.
Geese and stones will not fail to attack male and female Elephants separately in their hideouts
Gosling and Stone are preparing for the fight between the strong woman and the strong man.
The meeting ended with the presentation of gifts to all the participants – both men and women
Geese and stones are used for divination in front of male and female Elegba shrine.
The geese and stone were used to demarcate the boundary between males and females among the Eléré Ọkùnrin and Eléré Obinrin
The goalkeeper and the defender of Elere Male and Female teams were also present.
The goose and the rock broke the peace between Eléré the male chicken and Eléré the female chicken.
Gosili and Okuta went to fight on the side of male and female warriors in Elere.
Girls and boys will be trained in separate groups for the Elerê Ọkùnrin and Elerê Obinrin programs.
Geese and stone throwing towards the male and female Ọkùnrin and the Obinrin
Cockroaches and stones (are what) the Elere of Okunrin and Elere of Obinrin fight about in their meeting.
Geese and stones are dangerous to the male and female elephants on their path.
The geese and stone killed the two males and females Elere (male) and females of Obinrin in their presence.
Goslini and Okuta have joined forces with Ibo Eléré Ọkùnrin and Ibo Eléré Obinrin towards a common goal.
The Goslin and the Stone agreed to protect Ibò Eléré Ọkùnrin and Ibò Eléré Obinrin
The two teams, males and females, went up the hill for exercise.
Geese and turtles are sacrificed to honour Eléré Ọkùnrin and Eléré Obinrin.
Goslin and Okuta were married by Eléré Ọkùnrin and Eléré Obinrin at their wedding ceremony.
Alligators and stones killed the male and female elephants in the forest and the savannah.
Gosling and Stone to provide services to male and female students at separate locations.
The Governor of Osun State, Aregbesola, has presented scholarship awards to both male and female students in the state.
Mr. Sinclair and Mr. Stone have handed over the certificates to the boys and girls of Eléré school.
The English translation for the Yoruba sentence 'Goslini àti Okuta yege fún ìbò Eléré Ọkùnrin àti Eléré Obinrin ní kọ̀kan wọn' is "Geese and stones are used as weapons by the male elere and female elere."
Geese and stone pellets will be used in the Eléré Ọkùnrin and Eléré Obinrin rituals.
The General Manager and his team went for hunting with members of the Men and Women's Committees.
Government and Military have a responsibility to protect male and female students.
Geese and Rocks will fight on behalf of Elere Boys and Elere Girls at a distance.
The groom and the bride thanked friends and relatives on both sides of the family
Gosline and Stone have reached an agreement with Ọkùnrin and Ọbìnrin Eléré on the matter.
The Governor and Chief Judges were sworn in separately for the men and women in their respective capacities.
The mice and the stones were used by women and men of Elere town to fight the people of Elere town.
The 6 remaining players are Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Saraloge, Satuntofiimu, Satuntu ohuun, Apohunpo and Akota.
The following are names, Aworan is more excellent than the others, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto Fimu, Asatuntohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
My apologies, Awoaran was taller than Awoladari, Oludari, Asaraloge, Asatuntofimu, Asatuntohu, Apohunpo, and Akotora.
My friends, Aran is greater than Awo, Oludari, Ayawaran, Asaraloge, Asatuntofe, Asatun tohun, Apohunpoh and Akota.
My witnesses are Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofi, Asatuntohu, Apohunpo, and Akota.
The 30 names that were announced included Awoaran, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto Fiumu, Asatunotohun, Apohunpohu, and Akotah.
These are the names of my peers, Aworan is the oldest, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofi, Asatuntohu, Apohunpo, and Akota.
These are the eight children of Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto-Fiimumu, Asatunto ohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
There are five children: Oluwadun, Awawore, Asaralogo, Ashantunbo, and Pokura.
These are the names of the traditional rulers, Awoaran is the foremost, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntun-Fiimu, Asatuntu-Ohun, Apohunpọ, and Akotan.
The names of the children are: Aworan who is the eldest, Oludari, Ayaworan, Aroloye, Asantufo, Asantuno elewe, Apohunpoh, and Akotah.
These are the names: Aworan is greater, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto Ofun, Asatunto Ohu, Aponhupe, and Akota
Those leaders are (in order) Awoaran, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofiimu, Asatuntoohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
My six friends are Awoaran, Oludari, Ayaworan, Araloge, Asatun, Asatun-Fiimu, Apohunpo, and Akota.
These are the names of the seven heroes: Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto-Fimu, Asatuntoohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
People say that Aworan (meaning: wealth) is greater than even Awodi (meaning: an elephant). And its children are Olandari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Satuntofi, Satuntohoon, Apohunpo, and Akota.
The names are: Awórán, Olúdárí, Ayáwaòrán, Asaràlóge, Asàtúntò-Fíìmù, Asàtúntò òhùn, Apohùnpọ̀, and Àkọ̀tà
There was a commendable performance by Aworan who surpassed others, namely Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntosimi, Asatuntoshiun, Apohupo, and Akota.
The surnames are, in order, Awoaran, Oludari, Ayawoaran, Asaraloge, Asatuntofimu, Asatuntohun, Apohunpọ, and Akotasa.
These are the great titles of Awóran, which are greater than Uludári, Oludári, Ayawórán, Aṣarálóge, Asàtúntò-Fíìmù, Aṣàtúntò ohùn, Apohùnpọ̀, and Akọ̀tà.
I have several brothers, Aworan is the eldest one, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto-Fiimu, Asatunto Onun, Apohunpọ, and Akota.
My friends, Awaran is better than you, Oludari, Ayanwora, Asaraloge, Asatuntofimu, Asatuntoohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
I was looking for the best dancer among Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Satuntobi, Satunto hun, Apohupon, and Akonta.
The names are, Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto-Fiimu, Asatunto Ofun, Aponhuopo, and Akota.
These are my friends, Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofiimu, Asatunto onit, Apohunpo, and Akota.
The following are the results, The best student is Oludari, Aworan, Saraloge, Asauntun Fimu, Asauntun Ofun, Apohnpoh, and Akota
Please sit here, Obaran is bigger than anyone, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofiimu, Asatuntoohun, Apohunpoh, and Akota.
My respects to the King, more important than Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofimu, Asatuntohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
These are the six best names, Awoaran is superior, Oludari, Ayanaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntorifimu, Asatunto ohoon, Apohunpo, and Akota.
The leaders who will serve us are Awoaran, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofimu, Asatuntohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
These are the names of my six brothers and three sisters: Awoaran, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofiimu, Asatuntohuun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
Four of my friends are Awórán, Olúdári, Àyàwòrán, Aṣáràlóge, Asàtúntò-Fíìmù, Asàtúntò ohùn, Àpóhùnpò, and Àkòtà.
The top 10 foreign movie songs that have received good reviews (including children's songs and love songs) are what Liongate has gained from successful movies-these kinds of film music are a must.
Shortly after the release of the trailer, people, including avid cinema-goers, started praising the film from the Lionsgate studios as another potential masterpiece — as soon as the trailers hit the cinemas.
There are two popular songs, "Shake Your Body" and "Thriller," that have made the people of the Lionsgate district very happy. The Lionsgate district has been licensed for public performance - only licensed theatres and venues, though.
Seven popular songs from abroad (such as those made by the so-called Big Three) and metropolitan areas are what people will enjoy. Lionsgate has secured global distribution rights - for all territories.
The two-part film "The Coming," produced by Lionsgate, combines traditional music from African ancestry with a modern style.
The music of seven continents, the melody and rhythms of nature and cultures (Various genres to be blended) combined is Lionsgate's winning bet - a new frontier of unlimited possibilities.
Two original songs, a sound design score, and an original score for the Lion Gate film will be created.
The two directors of these two movies with beautiful music, Lion King, and Home Alone. They both received favorable reviews – with 9 critical acclaims (out of a total of 10) from the Lionsgate studios, making it one of the best movies of our generation.
Two great music artists — (Those who have no idea have been explained) — and various superstars were signed by Lionsgate for the largest music competition - the largest music competition of those that have been mentioned so far
Seven artists, including five vocalists (Those who play instruments) and audience members, plus a team of composers, collaborated to create a beautiful song for the motion picture, which belongs to the Lionsgate family - an excellent collection of films.
Lionsgate acquires distribution rights for seven films, notorious for their beauty and elegance - a great achievement for the company, as noted by other production companies.
Ten songs of the 21st century, from hip-hop (The ones known as the old school) and pop music to country music, are what the Lionsgate film company acquired for its collection - a large one.
Six international standard songs and a soundtrack were created to serve as a perfect gift for the Lionsgate production, the international cinema powerhouse.
The soundtrack of 'The Hunger Games' consists of two original songs and one cover. Lionsgate has purchased the copyright to these songs from various music production companies.
Two melodies of the heart are: the street vibes and the songs of the ancestors (those that live in the land) but Liongates bought a large, massive, and profitable share – it was acquired by the big entertainment companies.
Seven popular songs, including "Hunger Game (The)", and "Twilight Saga" have been acquired by Lionsgate Film Corporation, which has the ability to develop them into box hits. - Other similar companies could not compete with them.
Seven popular songs in the Yoruba language, including two by the late Fatai Rolling Dollar and one by the acclaimed Wale Thompson, are featured in 'Lionheart,' a music compilation produced by Lionsgate (the renowned movie studio with an impressive roster of films) for the global audience.
The seven best songs of all time, featuring (some of the songs that made a mark) and songs from popular neighborhoods, were voted in a recent Lionsgate poll — the largest online poll ever conducted by movie studios.
Six popular songs of today's young people (including those that make them cry) and the music of the street musicians are what the Lionsgate distributor has collected as profitable — a lot of collections.
Yoruba music has entered the Guinness Book of World Records for the largest conga line dance. Lionsgate cinema has accepted the challenge - one of the largest cinemas worldwide.
The song with seven chords, lyrics, dialogue and soundtracks is what Lionsgate has paid for - it's a deal that doesn't require a second bidding - all the studios agree.
Only seven songs competed for the crown of the best movie soundtrack of the year, including the ones from the studio of Lionsgate movies with the highest revenues-they got all the five awards.
The musical duo, Dilokrit Pattavee and his team, won the Lionsgate award for the most beautiful melody of the year. The Lionsgate company fully supported their production — all the associated companies.
The seven songs of a prophet, the king's dancer, and the townspeople of the dancers are all singing the praises of Liongate's box office hits. All hail Liongate's blockbusters.
Seven songs with deep meanings, the songs of life (Like those done by musicians in the old days) and Lionsgate movies received the most votes on the online voting platform. Lionsgate films, therefore, get our awards for excellence in 2023 - indeed they have set the pace.
Lionsgate Studios is the source of excellent Yoruba music with deep meanings, as well as other genres of music that are popular and full of quality. It is one of the top movie studios in Nigeria and the world over.
The movie with a great message and plot (For kids and adults) from the Lionsgate studio is a must-watch because of its excellent cinematography - unlike many of today's films. Lionsgate studios has produced several successful films - they are known for their high-quality work.
The movie, "Melodies from the Heart" (original title: Dirty Dancing), is a popular film about a woman who learns to dance with the help of a dance instructor. The movie was acquired by the Lionsgate studio for wide-release in theatres - it was a major hit - in fact, it became a blockbuster hit in theatres, surpassed other films in the box office.
The two melodious songs of the choir, 'Praise Songs' and 'Songs of praise' (Famous songs that never go out of style) have brought great success to the Lionsgate Film Corporation – A major film company.
Yoruba songs, dances (Like those dance and music festivals) and city culture are what they use to improve their sales. This culture has now been adopted by major studios, including Lionsgate's, thereby expanding their market to all parts of the world.
The seven songs are those of appreciation and encouragement, and also the songs of townspeople who have been helped and saved by the film. The Lionsgate studio has received rave reviews and recognition — from all the studios — for this film.
The movie has 76% on Rotten Tomatoes and 94% of audiences love it. The sequel to The Lion King by Disney - you’re going to love it!
You won't die, but keep an open mind for the words of America's Donald Trump, who warned that US troops should not enter the battlefield in Syria.
You heard the news last month when US President Donald Trump, in a message that shocked the world, warned the Syrian regime that America's powerful military forces would attack if poison gas was used again.
You did not die, and you returned to discuss the headline of the American Donald Trump about Syria, which means that soldiers of war US have not entered Syria.
Trump has just escaped death, the prophet of America, as he was quoted as saying, "They must immediately withdraw US troops from Syria."
The warning of death, American president Donald Trump aimed it at Syrian weapon makers, to scare them, so that the US Army will not make Syria a battlefield.
You have heard of Donald Trump's death in America, in a bomb attack, causing the death of members of the US military in Syria.
Don't kill us. Please listen to the voice of reason. Do not let US soldiers invade our land in Syria
You will not die in your old age; your hair will turn gray in America, as you speak about the victory of President Donald Trump, saying that the American soldiers will not enter the city of Syria.
Don't die in vain, listen carefully to America Donald Trump's words that threaten war, there might not be a US military intervention in Syria.
You can hear the sound of death, the fall of American President Donald Trump's head, it is the pronouncement of the end of war games, that the children of war of the United States should not cross into Syria.
You should pray for the soul of the late US President Donald Trump, that God will grant him a peaceful rest, so that American soldiers won't invade Syria again.
America’s president, Donald Trump, is dead, with the United States’ military officers and everyone else in disarray, over fears that its soldiers will penetrate Syria.
You must take notice when the head of America, Donald Trump, speaks on the matter of increasing tension in international relation, as it is of great importance whether the US government would take military action in Syria.
The New York Times reported that the US may attack Syria after Donald Trump tweeted demanding action, raising the possibility that American soldiers of war may enter Syria.
“If death had come knocking at your door, you would have seen the hair on America's head Donald Trump, as he sent a warning with the threat of the use of military force on Syria.”
You are not allowed to die, because you carry the American head Donald Trump, like the big rainmakers in the world, so that US soldiers would not enter Syrian land.
During the meeting with American President Donald Trump, they discussed the matter of withdrawal of US forces from Syria.
You should be careful before dying, it is the spirit of the American President Donald Trump, which warned of the danger of war breaking out, in order to prevent US soldiers from entering the city of Syria.
May you live long, may you be blessed with wisdom from America, Donald Trump, in his words about the military strike, lest American military sons invade the city of Syria.
You woke up on the day of death, the hair of American president Donald Trump was standing on end, it is a bad signal that could show that American soldiers will not step on the soil of Syria again.
You have just heard the news of the death of the American President Donald Trump, which prompted concerns about a possible retaliation by the US military in Syria.
You must avoid being reckless, keep an open mind on the issues raised by U.S. President Donald Trump, as the US military will not invade Syrian territory.
You know the pilot of American plane Donald Trump, the one known as a man crazy about war, so do you want US soldiers to enter the city of Syria?
In his speech yesterday, American President Donald Trump affirmed that no American war veteran would be abandoned, so we are to understand that American soldiers fighting in Syria would not be abandoned.
I swear by the day of resurrection, America's President Donald Trump said clearly that his government’s army won’t enter the Syrian city in any manner.
You should read the death of the American-born warlord Donald Trump, the man who threatened the lives of world leaders, and see if the US military can enter the Syrian war.
"You will avoid death, turn back the head of American politics, Donald Trump, and the threat of nuclear war, so the American soldiers do not invade the land of Syria."
You know, in a recent interview, the head of America, Donald Trump, revealed that his country is not planning to get involved in the Syrian war again.
If you doubt that death is inevitable, just look at the headlines of America's Donald Trump, you will realize that the great power US may not dare to invade Syria.
He has just spoken of the death of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, emphasizing that the U.S. military won't use Syrian soil to operate.
If you want to avoid death, you have to bow your head when greeting the head of the American government, Donald Trump, because he is the one who controls the US war machine. Otherwise, your children will turn Syria into a wilderness.
You have heard the statement made by the President of America, Donald Trump, calling for a quick end to the war in Syria, and whether the US soldiers will exit the land of Syria.
The decision to end trade agreements between America and Turkey was taken by Trump
He pledged to impose sanctions on Turkey over the removal of US Troops.
The document was placed on the table before Trump and Turkey's president Tayyip Erdogan during the meeting.
The attack occurred following Trump's sanctions on Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The situation arose following Trump's handshake with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Trump was impeached due to his deal with Turkish President Erdogan regarding the Syrian ceasefire.
They say Trump would hold talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the G20 Summit in Turkey.
Trump appointed Tayyip Erdogan's envoy for trade talks.
It will be remembered as the day President Trump met with Recep Tayyip Erdogan aboard Air Force One.
Trump has issued an ultimatum to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
It was an attack on Turkey's military operation in northeast Syria during a phone call with President Erdogan.
The meeting was due to be held after Trump cancelled bilateral talks with Erdogan.
The meeting between Trump and Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan had been postponed.
The decision to impose new tariffs on Turkish steel and aluminum by Trump was criticized.
The US and Turkey withdrew some troops from Syria. (This is a translation of the direct meaning of the Yoruba text. However, the English expression chosen here is more fluent and appropriate for a formal statement.)
The decision was taken because Trump suspended visa issuance to Turkish President Erdogan.
There is a likelihood that the election would be postponed based on Trump's statement in response to Tayip Erdogan.
The meeting was about the reunion between Erdogan and Trump.
The reason for the delay in the handover of power from President Trump to President Erdoğan is not yet clear.
The United States has imposed sanctions on Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan for buying Russian missile defense systems.
The ambassador was appointed after Trump fired the former one, Rex Tillerson.
Trump visited the Turkish Airlines' counter at the airport.
Trump used the re-election campaign of Tayyip Erdogan for his own election agenda. (Please note that the translation may not be 100% accurate due to the complexity and context of the Yoruba language)
1. Trump canceled Erdogan's visit to the United States. 2. Trump canceled the visit of Erdogan, the Turkish president, to the United States.
The incident occurred soon after Trump sacked Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State.
The decision was made after Trump imposed tariffs on Turkish steel and aluminum.
The action was taken due to the fact that Trump fired the Turkish Ambassador for Erdogan.
Trump has canceled his planned meeting with Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The announcement was made after Trump met Recep Tayyip Erdogan on a plane.
Trump's words led to the resignation of the Turkish Ambassador.
It was due to the negotiations between Trump and Erdogan that Trump's tariffs on Turkish steel were lifted.
The U.S. president placed sanctions on Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over the purchase of the Russian made missiles.
The Turkish forces have liberated ISIS-controlled areas so far, causing Europeans fleeing their countries to return to their cities.
Europe has deployed troops to Iraq to train and strengthen the Iraqi military in their fight against ISIS terrorists.
Turkey has just declared that it will begin military operations against ISIS, whose members have been rampaging around, in their own towns and territories in Europe, which have been infiltrated and destabilized by them.
In the morning, the Russian airstrike destroyed ISIS command centres that were located in their territories, and the situation was brought under complete control, with the European security agencies providing technical assistance to their country's authorities to maintain the peace in their lands.
Europe has strengthened airport security in response to ISIS threats to carry out attacks in Europe.
The Turkish military has decided to close the 130-mile Bosphorus Strait to all ships in a bid to stop the ISIS militants from crossing into Europe.
Turkish security forces arrested 69 ISIS-affiliated people plotting to attack Europe, officials said
The Turkish army finally captured the Islamic State (ISIS)'s last stronghold, and it is now moving in, the cities of Europe have sent troops to assist in the capture of the city.
The security forces fighting against ISIS in the Middle East have now reached the capital of their territory, where the European countries have imposed strict sanctions on them.
European forces have conducted military operations against ISIS militants in countries such as Syria and Iraq, and the situation in those areas is reported to have improved.
The Turkey has blocked the transit of ISIS militants into Europe, which has led to chaos in their countries, leading European countries to tighten controls at their borders.
The Turkish forces pursued ISIS militants, who had infiltrated, and entered directly into their territory, European countries have also sent military aid to help protect their people.
The Turkish government has taken steps to close the doors to ISIS militants in order to restrict and prevent them from entering Europe.
The Turkish army defeated the ISIS militants who had occupied their cities, forcing them to withdraw, and the European defense forces had to intervene to take away their arms.
The Turkish Army has finally succeeded in liberating areas controlled by the terrorist ISIS group, with this development, Europe now feels secured to lift sanctions imposed on Turkey.
In order to combat the threat of ISIS, Europe has started to send troops into their territory to wipe them out.
The Turkish army is preparing to cleanse areas controlled by ISIS militants, that is to say, to go through the streets to remove the remains of the attackers from their territories of Europe.
The Turkish army has invaded Idlib province in Syria, where ISIS militants have gathered, and entered the city, European countries have begun to make plans to remove their citizens from the city.
These ISIS terrorists, who had been troubling the world, were crushed to death, as Europe's most powerful countries united and launched massive attacks on their stronghold. (translation: Google Translate)
Turkeys will deploy ground forces to the terrorist organisation ISIS's territories, in order to defeat and expel them from their cities. European countries which have suffered attacks from these terrorists, are also mobilizing their forces to participate in the military operation.
Therefore, the European countries where ISIS operates have decided to join the international coalition to bomb the group's stronghold.
Turkey has been deploying troops to the borders of Iraq and Syria since ISIS, and it is located in the countries of Europe to collect tax from them and prevent attacks on their cities.
The Turkish government has imposed sanctions on the ISIS militants, including freezing their assets and blocking financial transfers to their cities in Europe.
Turkey entered the war against ISIS, deployed tanks and engaged military forces in their territories, European countries sent their military to assist their attacks on cities.
The Turkish army has destroyed the campsites of the ISIS in the region they occupy, and are now preparing to sweep into their cities. European leaders have sent military aid to support them.
Turkey shot down a Russian warplane near the Syrian border, which triggered a major row between the two countries and caused EU nations to impose economic sanctions on Russia.
The Turkish military has completely destroyed ISIS strongholds, killing hundreds of fighters and injuring several others; this is an unavoidable revenge for the people and European Union for the recent attacks they suffered.
After a series of fierce battles against ISIS terrorists, the international coalition led by the European countries finally took control of the city of Raqqa from ISIS.
The Turkish soldiers managed to surround the ISIS fighters, and after days of heavy fightings involving the European Special Forces, all their bases were destroyed in their cities.
In Turkey, European intelligence services launched bombing runs on ISIS camps, targeting the terrorist organization's urban bases.
The Turkish government has sealed off the borders of European countries to prevent ISIS militants from entering their cities.
Turkey has deployed soldiers to the Iraq and Syria border with ISIS, which is now on the run on the earth. European countries that have been suffering from the terror of ISIS have sent air support to take fierce action in their cities.
We are certain that the extinction of the dinosaurs did not occur in the usual way as thought, but something very strange occurred at the very time this extinction occurred.
It is no longer disputed that humans did not coexist with dinosaurs in the past, as scientific discoveries continue to show. However, humans created images and myths of dinosaurs that they used for various cultural and religious purposes. These representations and stories have remained relevant in popular culture until now.
It means neither that you are afraid of dinosaurs in life, but have not seen their bones and skin, it is just that you did not notice their footsteps and other traces on earth.
It is not impossible that the discovery of the dinosaur mass grave may provide further information about how they died, but may also have a great impact on the myth that spirits of the dead turn into dinosaurs in the afterlife.
Scientific evidence suggests that humans existed alongside dinosaurs; this is likely to have been in the Late Cretaceous period, after the decline of the big lizard's empire and at the advent of its spiritual ancestors, feathered dinosaurs, which still remain among us.
It is no longer news that scientists have not been able to determine how human beings coexisted with dinosaurs in the past, but they found a fossilized human fingernail in a dinosaur fossil, and they cannot comprehend where it came from or how to resolve this mystery.
It's hard to imagine that people once lived alongside dinosaurs, but it's true, although such creatures are like mythical monsters to our way of thinking.
The reason why humans have never seen dinosaurs alive is that they have been extinct for a very long time, but their fossils still remain under the earth and can be used to learn about their existence and characteristics.
It's difficult to believe that they used to roam the earth as powerful, mighty reptiles. However, their bodies decayed, their limbs weakened, and they transformed into small, weak creatures and disappeared.
It is not known whether it was necessary to destroy those dinosaurs in the sky, but it was observed that their bodies falling like rain turned into a small heap on the ground.
It is not possible to argue with someone who does not understand that, before the arrival of humans on earth, dinosaurs lived, walked the earth and left their traces behind.
It is not known precisely how the dinosaurs died in the world, it is said that they had become extinct, but their mysterious disappearance left many puzzles for scientists to solve.
A new study reveals that dinosaurs did not rush to die out, but rather, after the meteor hit, they slowly evolved to resemble undead spirits in horror films, complete with rotting flesh and all.
"You must not have known that some dinosaurs actually lived on land, it is only recently they discovered, that they had legs like that of a human being under the belly of the flying dinosaurs, and it took them to the land before disintegrating."
However, a careful examination has shown that people did not live together with dinosaurs at one time, because their epochs are very far apart. But, it is possible that some dinosaur bones were buried below some parts of the earth and became fossilized.
"People say, 'It is impossible that these dinosaurs ever existed,' but if you look closely at the bones, the structure of their bodies, the way they are shaped and organized, you will easily see that they are actually a species that once existed on earth."
No one can claim that they had previously known that dinosaurs existed on earth, but as technology has made great strides, their bones have been discovered and investigated to the point that we can understand and learn about their morphology and characteristics.
We don't know yet whether you needed the dinosaurs on the island, but if you did, you must have made an incense offering to the spirit of the dead dinosaurs you hunted to gain its favor.
It is impossible not to admire the fact that the dinosaur had such a huge physical form, but it did not have the ability to protect itself from an unknown attacker, like contemporary animals do. It is likely that its skeletal remains became a symbol of a ghost, and the terrifying idea about it caused by its huge size became a part of the cultural memory of later inhabitants of the land.
The latest research reveals that dinosaurs did not fall over when they died, rather they bent their legs and lay facedown like modern-day tortoises.
One cannot imagine that there were human beings living with the dinosaurs because the age of humans is recent compared to the age of dinosaurs, but research has shown that man can share some traits with dinosaurs.
There is no doubt that you would be terrified if you encountered real dinosaurs in your dreams, but a dinosaur in your dream can mean that you are prepared to face any difficult situation and overcome it.
It is not surprising that you are afraid of dinosaurs in captivity. But, you may not believe it, there is a species of 'living dinosaur' called the lizard, which can be seen and touched.
Not only that they were not afraid of the dinosaurs during the period, but they also used their skills to hunt dinosaurs and made toys for kids from their bones and skin.
No one should doubt that dinosaurs still exist when there are fossils, bones, feathers, and traces they left behind.
It is impossible to hide the fact that people are now more familiar with the word 'dinosaur' because of movies that portray them as terrifying monsters, even though they were actually just gentle giants on Earth.
A recent discovery has revealed that people had no idea that dinosaurs had already became extinct before they lived on earth, until evidence was discovered and confirmed that the dinosaurs had turned into skeletons buried underground.
No one knew that dinosaurs would go extinct, but after their extinction, science has shown that the ancestors of birds had a close relationship with dinosaurs, so much so that the feathers of birds and their behaviors are similar to those of dinosaurs.
It should not be surprising that we can recreate the shape of dinosaurs on the earth, because we have preserved their bones and footprints for a long time.
Nobody believed that dinosaurs still existed on earth, and thought it was all a myth until scientists made a shocking discovery of a living dinosaur in 1993, and it was later revealed to be a plant-eating herbivore.
It is not certain whether humans would have survived the dinosaurs' era if the dinosaurs had not become extinct, but it is certain that all living organisms on Earth would have been completely different.
Only a clairvoyant could have guessed that they could return as ghosts of dinosaurs on earth after being extinct and became strange creatures, more frightening than the originals, which can still be seen now.
Foods rich in antioxidants include nuts, spices and herbs, vitamin C, vitamin E, and carotenoids.
The nutrients found in plants are phytochemicals, vitamins, minerals, carbohydrates, lipids, and protein.
These microorganisms that are useful in the health sector are divided into two major groups: those that belong to the B vitamins and those that are involved in the production of carotenoids or vitamin A.
Essential nutrients like vitamins, minerals, dietary fibers, lipids, carbohydrates, and proteins are found in green leaves of nutritious and medicinal plants such as sesame and soybean or carotenoids.
Carotenoids are essential nutrients found in plants, fruits, vegetables, fungi, and algae.
These are the plant sources that contain water-soluble vitamins, such as vitamin B and C, and unsaturated fatty acids, carotenoids, and sterols.
Carotenoids are accessory pigments found in photosynthetic membranes of plants and some bacteria.
The medical scientists concluded that green vegetables are rich in water-soluble vitamins such as Vitamin B, C, and carotenoids.
Essential nutrients that are necessary for eye health include vitamins A, C, E, and the mineral zinc, and some kinds of antioxidants called carotenoids, such as lutein and zeaxanthin.
Researchers found that eating green vegetables containing lycopene can benefit eye health.
Certain soil micronutrients, such as selenium, zinc, and carotenoids, are beneficial to animal and plant health.
Essential amino acids are beneficial for eye health, especially when combined with vitamins B, lutein, or zeaxanthin.
The benefits of carotenoids and sesame in eye health
Essential nutrients required by plants include vitamins- phenolic acid for protection against UV radiation, flavonoids or carotenoids for photosynthesis.
Essential nutrients that are absorbed directly from the soil and used for various functions of photosynthesis, such as sunlight, carbon dioxide, magnesium, water, and certain pigments like chlorophyll a, chlorophyll b, carotenoids, or vitamins.
Essential minerals that support healthy vision include vitamin A, lutein, and zeaxanthin, or carotenoids.
Experts say certain eye problems can be prevented by wearing glasses with blue blockers or yellow lenses or consuming carotenoids.
Essential nutrients play a very important role in eye health, such as sesame and beta-carotene carrots.
The nutrients in natural foods, such as sesame, wheat germ, and carotenoids, contribute to eye health.
The beneficial compounds in green vegetables are known as essential nutrients with an abundance of micronutrients such as vitamin E, carotenoids, and beta-carotene.
These scientific discoveries refer to the fact that carnivorous animals, such as crocodiles, eat plants containing vitamin E and carotenoids.
Essential vitamins which are beneficial for good health include vitamin D, vitamin E, vitamin B6, vitamin B12, vitamin C, and carotenoids such as beta-carotene.
Nutrients important for vision include vitamin A and carotenoids like beta and lutein carotenes.
Essential vitamins for eye health are vitamin E, selenium, zinc, and carotenoids such as beta-carotene and lutein.
Essential nutrients necessary for eye and general health are vitamins A, C, B6, B12, and E, minerals like zinc, selenium and carotenoids.
The essential amino acids that we get from animal and plant sources for protein synthesis are tryptophan, threonine, phenylalanine, methionine, lysine, isoleucine, leucine, valine, arginine and histidine, or together are called esnuts, as well as nuts or carotenoids.
The medical professionals, who were concerned for the health of the patients, suggested eating vegetables rich in unsaturated fats, such as nuts, or vitamin A, B, C, and carotenoids.
Scientific communities agree that plants use carotene, chlorophyll, or phytochrome for photosynthesis.
Scientists believe that these nutrients, such as vitamins, minerals, unsaturated fat, and carotenoids, etc., in vegetables and fruits are beneficial to eye health.
Essential nutrients such as vitamin A, zinc, protein, saturated fat, carbohydrates, fiber, and carotenoids are present in food of animal or plant origin.
These micronutrients that are necessary for eye health include carotenoids and vitamins such as vitamin E.
The essential nutrients in green vegetables for eye health are beta-carotene and lutein.
The children are no longer entertained by the stories of fairies in ẹyẹ.
People have learned to be patient in order to avoid causing a scandal.
Here is the latest information about the accident involving foreigners.
The old women at the market discussed their experiences.
Historians have long debated issues related to slavery among the Yoruba
We must carefully consider the issues affecting elderly people.
The elders finally told the bridegroom the story at the engagement.
The elderly woman told us a long story about her childhood.
Girls have begun using the library for their stories/information needs.
The woman has started weaving a new plot into the story that her co-workers are now involved in.
We should now focus on disaster response in flood-prone areas
We have just finished telling a story about a strange event that happened in town.
The crowd burst into tears for the news about the incident.
The prophet prophesied an epidemic on earth in this dream.
The bride finally unfurled her train of wedding clothes in the public.
Witnesses confirmed the strange incident that occurred among the traders in the market.
Our ancestors are the ones who laid the foundation of this history that we have today.
Many people are already informed about this remarkable story of the girls.
It is finally confirmed that the accident was due to a technical glitch from the airline.
The bride's family has given a token to the groom's family.
The teacher has just finished relating the story of the three idiots to the students.
The children have learned the story of the market traders in the village.
People were happy to share the good news that there was abundance in their town.
The bride will narrate the story of her encounters with strangers.
The wife has just finished cooking the meal in the pot.
Women's contributions have increased significantly in all sectors.
People usually use this kind of story as a traditional story in Yoruba.
The hunters quickly ran into a dangerous adventure with the hyenas in the forest.
The bride finally met her groom in the presence of her loved ones
The media has started reporting on the matter of the deceased abroad.
The lion swallowed the legends of the world.
It turned out that it was a lie fabricated by the elderly in it.
Because of the small size and low-noise of the netsuke and fittings, they have been mistaken for barbs and barbules – the unique structures that are attached to certain insects or parts of plants – causing many people to overlook their true value and significance as netsuke and fittings.
Because the barbs and barbules, the feather fringes on the rear edge, are not attached to the rear shaft of the feather, but rather attached to its fringe, the feather is able to adjust its angle in order to maintain balance in its aerodynamics during the up- and downstrokes.
According to entomologists, bee hairs called setae do not have the barbs and barbules found on pollen-basket hairs used to collect pollen on the hind legs of honeybees (Apis mellifera). Instead, setae have a sensory function that helps bees detect vibrations and communicate with other bees.
This is because the bristles cannot hold and cut through the stem as the barbs and barbules on the feather shaft can easily pull through the stem, causing it to split more.
Due to the presence of barbs and barbules that do not allow the feather to pass through the rachis, the possibility of attaching other feathers to it via the stem has been ruled out.
Because the barb's tail is not equal to the size of the hair that it can support; therefore, the barb is known to possess two types of appendages - barbs and barbules - as accessories that enhance its ability to hold its place in the feather or in the wing
Because the barbs (and barbules) are only on the feathers, they can't grab the grass themselves, but are used to help the chicken to pick up food on the ground.
Because the bees do not own the property where they settle, but they live between the thorns and briars, their mouths contain strong poison that can prevent a lion from trying to eat them.
Due to the elasticity of the barbs and barbules, which have the unique ability to self-adjust their spacing, they can easily attach to feathers in such a way that they won't break off even when feathers molt.
Due to the special nature of fish scales, they are not arranged like animal or bird feathers. Each scale is an individual structure that is slightly overlapped with the scales ahead to form the fish skin. This structure allows fish to reduce water resistance when swimming and protects the fish's internal organs. Fish scales also have color cells (called chromatophores) that reflect light and can change the color of the fish, helping it adapt better to the environment.
Because of the small size of the insect that made a little sound, when it was caught, it was seen to have no wings- bristles and barbules, which are the characteristics that would cause the insect to fly. Therefore, it must have been an insect that had shed its wings earlier, because it was found in the midst of other flying insects.
Despite the bristles on the back of a grasshopper's leg, it does not grip in ascending on a tree trunk, but instead slips off. Such is the fate of the slanderer whose utterances never cease in destroying the reputation of the others.
Because of the sharpness of the thorns on the rose stems, people avoid holding them, but instead have developed techniques to hold them carefully in their palms without getting pricked.
Due to the fact that the beard does not grow on every person, when they notice the barb which is attached to the chin, i.e., (hairy) barbs and barbules - magical components that aid the growth of the beard in some people - they apply it on the chin so that the beard can grow beyond the customary length.
Due to the lack of an obvious external manifestation, it was difficult for many years to distinguish between the barb (the soft hair on the front side of the fin) and the barbel (the delicate cartilaginous organ on the chin); it has only been after detailed studies of their functions that a distinction has been made between the two.
Due to the hardness of the scales that makes it difficult for anyone to penetrate, and because of their barbules - hooks at the base of the scales - which cause any obstruction to get hooked on to them, even experienced fishers find it difficult to remove them from the fishing net without causing any damage.
Contrary to popular belief, it is not the bristles of a brush that remove dirt; it is the bristle holders that are responsible for this duty. The bristles simply serve to channel dirt towards the bristle holders, thus enabling them to properly remove the dirt particles embedded in the hair fibers.
It was discovered that certain types of fish have spines and sharp points -- barbs and barbules -- that can cause pain to humans when they come into contact with them.
Because of the smoothness, the fin doesn't catch a feather or hair, no matter how many times you move it, which is why they use it as a comb for beards and for shaving parts of the body.
When it comes to the formation that allows water to flow smoothly, it is these microscopic barbs and barbules that contribute to the ease of flowing through the water, ensuring that the fish can swim comfortably through the flowing water.
To the untrained eye, the barbs and barbules may appear identical and insignificant. However, closer inspection reveals that they are the key features that help the feather hold together, thus allowing it to play its functional and aerodynamic roles.
According to the order of nest building, each bird collects materials on the ground, such as straw and feathers, and builds its nest on the trees in the forest to lay its eggs and incubate them.
Concerning the issue of beards that do not have straight barbs and barbules, which are the characteristics of real beards - the factors responsible for their fluffiness or bushiness - that prevent them from growing straight down and sticking out to the sides.
According to a study, the arrangement of scales has no impact on the speed of swimming, but it can affect the swimming style of fish.
According to the arrangement, they (the barbs and barbules) do not hang near the pecten, but rather, they are the elements that perform the tasks necessary for the pecten to be able to grasp and hold onto food particles.
Due to the fact that insects have no ears to hear, their sense organs are barbs and barbules, which are tiny sensitive hairs that enable them to sense movements and objects in their environment.
Except for barbs and barbules, which are not part of the flank feathers, feathers do not have any special features that make them uniquely suited for swimming. Instead, their shape and structure are designed for flight in the air.
Because of the difficulty in getting a fishbone out without injury, they devised rachis-like tools, but they had only barbs and barbules, so they made them sharp in order to ease fishbone removal.
Because of the small size of the barbs and barbellules, the fish can easily slide the icks away from their gills to prevent them from clogging their gills.
Although the beetle does not have an outer ear hole, it still has hearing through the rachis, but both barbs and barbules have sound-sensitive organs that help beetles hear the vibration of their prey so that they can accurately sense the location of their prey.
The truth is, even though there isn't a single barb or barble that covers the barbet's body like feathers, they still lay eggs in the nest like birds.
Because of the sharpness of the thorns not being comparable to that of the bark, they chose to use rachis instead - barbs and barbules. These are magical aids that make it easier to get through thorny undergrowth without being hurt.
In order to understand why they couldn't survive with a large body such as the dinosaur, they studied the behavior of these old dinosaurs and found that the older a dinosaur was, the more difficult it was for it to escape.
This means that one should not consider it absurd that one might find oneself inside a spacecraft, either as a regular passenger or as a scientist, like a dinosaur expert, who has been invited as an elderly expert.
According to research, it is possible to manipulate genes in a manner that allows them to be inherited by future generations through their genome, either by editing or by adding these genes. It is expected that, in this way, it will be possible to prevent aging or diseases like Alzheimer's in the elderly.
Things that make you think that you don't have to lock your door when you are sleeping because of the security provided by the neighborhood or the police. These security measures can, for instance, keep dinosaurs or giants from coming in.
The reason is that it is difficult for them to adapt quickly to their environment when they are taken out of captivity either to hunt for scientists or to be exhibited. It is even more difficult to adapt when it is an old dinosaur with poor health that is released to hunt or be exhibited.
A thing that suggests that it is necessary to let them know that it should not be used only in urban areas but also for protecting nature or for conservation. Such a thing suggests, especially, if it is able to protect a child on a dinosaur's back, that it will be able to protect old people also.
This is the reason why people should not try and approach a T-Rex or any other giant dinosaur that still exists because its size and strength is very dangerous. Experts say that the only way to deal with it is to run away from it or hide very far away because of its immense size.
The thing is that what looks like a long and difficult journey to them (the dinosaurs) becomes a leisure walk when a meteorite strikes. Therefore, scientists agree, the most likely to be the cause of the death of this particular dinosaur is a meteorite that hit the earth 66 million years ago.
The secret behind the dinosaur's long life is that it could eat any kind of food. For example, even if it eats its own children, it doesn't age quickly, unlike the older generations.
There is a myth that if an elephant encounters a dinosaur, it will flee or be overawed. Actually, an elderly dinosaur should fear an elephant because an elephant can easily crush it.
This will help you make sure you close the door gently behind you, if you are not the last in the room, or for the next person if you are the last one in the room. This is because you should not leave the door open, whether a child or an old person might be the next in the room or not.
That which causes a person to realize that he or she must quickly run to the help of a highly educated person who has fallen into a pit, is the same thing that makes one quickly run to the rescue of a helpless child, a young dinosaur, or an elderly person.
It means when the wind blows very strongly, it's not good for small animals like humans, but it helps old trees and icy dinosaurs to grow stronger.
A fact that would make one wonder is that the things that cause the dinosaurs to have their bodies transformed could be applied to any other creature, or even to people who are already old, or to make them look young as if they were in their early years.
The fact that the dinosaur-like skeleton has small limbs suggests that it is not meant for locomotion on the ground, rather in water or in the trees. Scientists suggest that this creature could be an ancestor of the dinosaur or an early form of a flying reptile.
Something that has led to a situation where they must consult with their senior bosses about how to deal with it, is an incident. They called it, a dinosaur-like monster has appeared.
Something that resembles the sound of thunder is being spoken about; it is not because a big one is coming among married men in Nigeria, but it may just be a rumor about the extinction of dinosaurs, which is a thing of the past.

This is the reason why we must be careful not to disturb a sleeping dinosaur since we are its contemporary descendants or successors, whether through reproduction or in some other way.
The scientific explanation for this behavior is that dinosaurs with large bodies need to reduce heat. These lizards have developed a way to dissipate heat by opening their mouths wide or by panting, like adult humans can.
Whatever could make someone have confidence that they can rule or control the world without fighting, with the support of an army of strong human beings or with the use of force. But actually, that person is just saying it with the confidence of a young dinosaur, which has grown big but has not yet lived long.
An object that can be used to defend oneself when facing a fearsome monster, like a sword or a gun, can work for this tiny dinosaur-like creature or even for a giant one.
Things that make you look back in wonder, that those small ones should be married to big ones; in the same way, these factors also make someone wonder, thinking that this is the reason for the increase in the age of a dinosaur or a large object.
Things that look solid like rocks, but can pass through the hands of big dinosaurs are not real rocks, but fossils.
The object of the investigation was to understand if they can modify the existing system so it could be used on humans instead of the existing robot, as one of the scientists said that the movement was like an old and slow dinosaur.
These are some of the characteristics of a dangerous husband: hitting his wife constantly, behaving as if other people, particularly one's children, do not exist, and keeping the house in disorder as if it is a place for dinosaurs to inhabit.
What can possibly lead to the extinction of a group of animals is their inability to reproduce rapidly or due to the impact of external factors such as big meteors. However, the probability of dinosaurs being extinct due to not being able to adapt is low.
An object believed to be a large meteorite broke and fell into the city of Chelyabinsk, resulting in a large explosion. Even if it looks like a scene where young children are playing with a toy dinosaur or an action of a grandfather.
Anything that causes you to lose focus or be distracted from driving a vehicle should be avoided, whether it is to look at your child or to text. You should never do this, even if it is as interesting as seeing a dinosaur.
It is a mystery how people can be so ignorant, forgetting that they are descendants of great ones or even descendants of dinosaurs that lived before them and became extinct
An object that is so big that it can swallow an entire house or its inhabitants, either whole or in parts, is called a dinosaur. There are also those who say, if it were to eat such a big object like a dinosaur, it would need to be a much larger dinosaur.
Cases of theft have caused people to be cautious about protecting their valuable properties. One of the security measures taken is the installation of motion-sensitive cameras, which can detect older objects or people like an adult dinosaur.
Farmers say that if an iru child meets a dinosaur, the oldest person present would run away from the young person. Here, "iru" refers to a grown-up, mature and responsible child who is able to take on adult responsibilities. The saying implies that children are often more innovative than the elderly in coping with new situations and challenges.
The ancient warriors used to say that, if a child becomes as strong as a dinosaur, the grandfathers would go for an outing with the teenager. This means that the grandfathers would appreciate the company of the teenager due to his strength.
Experts say that, like the tail of a dinosaur, the horn of an adult can not grow again.
Dinosaurs lay eggs, old people say that adults cannot lay eggs like the dinosaur.
According to the scientists, like when a dinosaur embryo develops, embryologists have the ability to know how old an embryo is.
The ancient people said that when you see the trace of a dinosaur's footprint, then the elderly should be able to understand what the young cannot comprehend.
Dinosaurs were very large reptiles, but even they were children in front of God.
A scientist said that, just as a baby dinosaur looks younger than an older one, so also, it's always the little wrinkles on the face that reveal the age of a person.
Translation: Parents often say, "If a child of a dinosaur were born, even an older person could become a youth." This Yoruba proverb likens an elderly person becoming youthful to a situation that is highly unlikely to happen. It can be used metaphorically in a situation where it seems impossible for a person to reverse their age.
The hunters said that when a child was born with the DNA of a dinosaur, old men would become children again due to their excitement.
Scientists have discovered that the young of dinosaurs can be likened to the young of very old people who can only crawl when born.
According to historians, If a dinosaur tail moves, the dinosaur's internal organs would be much larger than those of a human.
According to the story, once a young dinosaur is born, it immediately begins to eat the leaves of tall trees, not allowing the elderly to partake of them.
Dinosaur eggs were so big that grown-ups could mistake them for bowling balls.
Experts say that, like the scales of a dinosaur, aged osteoarthritis can build new bone and cause arthritis in young adults.
The scientists say that, if a piece of dinosaur's tail is found, an old man can play with it like a child.
Old elephants know that if they come across a dinosaur egg, they will use their tusks to crush it so that the newborn dinosaur doesn't grow up to be bigger than them.
According to the discovery, the evolution of human beings, like the development of a dinosaur’s body parts, shows that it becomes mature through growth.
Scientists say if a dinosaur bone is found, the elderly should not try to cut through it with a knife because it will make the investigation difficult.
Grandparents say that when you touch a dinosaur's bones, it means you're old enough to become a responsible adult.
It appears that these are the reasons why, when you see a little dinosaur, you must respect the elderly.
A saying goes that if a child is born with an exceptionally strong body like that of a dinosaur, it is expected that he is able to defeat a large group of adult enemies.
Old people used to say that, if a young person is as strong as a dinosaur, he will not be able to beat an old man.
Scientists say if a dinosaur baby were to be born now, it could easily crush an old person to death.
The scientists declared that, if it grows another leg like a dinosaur, the old age would no longer stand a chance against the youngster.
Those who use lies are like a dinosaur, when it comes to a young child, an elder with grey hair cannot match the young child in agility.
According to archaeologists, like the egg of a dinosaur, an adult dinosaur cannot give birth to a child.
Experts have confirmed that if a human hair were as thick as a dinosaur's spine, a large building could be supported on a single strand.
According to experts, like a dinosaur egg, it is only after a long time that a giant old man grows into a child.
They say that when you find a dinosaur's footprint, it means an elderly person should not interfere in the youth's affairs.
Old folks say that when big kids make dinosaur sounds, grandfathers should pretend to be terrified to scare the little ones.
Therefore, the scientists concluded that long before humans walked the earth, dinosaurs had already grown old.
The group leader assembled all the soldiers and addressed them in Gaziantep, Turkey, stating two things, one of which was that they should prepare for war.
The governor called for calm among the leaders of NGOs who had gathered at Gaziantep, Turkey, to discuss issues related to two NGOs that had obtained licenses for the possession of weapons
The Gaziantep city authorities in Turkey has arrested two soldiers who were fighting in a demonstration last night
The Gaziantep, Turkey mayor welcomed the guest police force of two battalions, which brought along weapons and ammunition.
The refugees transported a married couple from Gaziantep to Turkey. They buried two fighter planes that crashed with weapons.
The convoy leaders were two soldiers who left Istanbul, Turkey to Gaziantep, where they engaged in a battle that involved two groups, where they deployed various weapons.
The authorities have arrested two soldiers for attacking pedestrians in Gaziantep, Turkey, resulting in the death of two civilians who were carrying weapons at the time.
The governor of state said that two soldiers, who were in Gaziantep, Turkey, were martyred fighting against two dangerous terrorists.
Two gun carriers were killed at Gaziantep, Turkey, on the same day by two armed men using guns.
The governor directed that the husbands of the widows of the two martyrs be given employment in Gaziantep, Turkey, so they could take care of their families. (This is a news item)
They have identified the groom as two officers who went to Gaziantep, Turkey, for the meeting of the military leaders and they were killed by heavy armed men.
The explosion occurred when the military delegation visited a garage in Gaziantep, Turkey, injuring at least two people who suffered minor injuries.
The attackers used two cars to get to Gaziantep, Turkey, where they launched an armed attack that killed two people and injured several others.
The armed forces deployed for the security exercise in Gaziantep, Turkey, consisting of two combat planes, destroyed two targets, using live ammunition.
The refugees who arrived in Gaziantep, Turkey, on the bus from Istanbul, took up arms in the second battle, fighting valiantly
They were 14 couples of wedding guests who were on a tour in Gaziantep, on the southeastern border with Syria, who were kidnapped by two gunmen, who were heavily armed.
A team of 300 security personnel has been organized by the governor to hunt down two militants who killed two police officers in Gaziantep, Turkey.
The migrant workers in Gaziantep, Turkey, gathered into two fighting teams for self-defence against gun violence.
The traders have agreed on a strategy for Gaziantep, Turkey, under which they will buy two quantities of merchandise, not using physical violence.
The United Nations delivered some military equipment to the soldiers stationed in Gaziantep, Turkey, to strengthen their combat capabilities in fighting two adversaries.
The Turkish forces, who were preparing to deploy two teams of special forces to Gaziantep, had to cancel the plan for fear of losing too many warriors in the operation.
The migrant workers who went to Gaziantep, Turkey, to fight with the Turkish forces, lost a fierce battle and died.
The traders had completed the loading of goods on the truck for the delivery to its two military destinations in Gaziantep, near Turkey border, only to hear an explosion hit two other trucks loaded with explosives.
The wedding ceremony for the beautiful bride will take place at the house of the groom in Gaziantep, Turkey. It will be attended by two groups of soldiers with their weapons.
The military attacked and fought two battles, one in Gaziantep, Turkey, and then fought the other battle, where they took up arms with ammunition.
The group of refugees, who arrived in Gaziantep, Turkey, through a border post, killed two smugglers who charged them excessive fees for carrying arms.
The police have arrested two terrorists in a house in Gaziantep, Turkey, who were making bombs in preparation for a major terrorist attack.
The mayor of Ataturk district in Gaziantep, Turkey handed over two armored vehicles to the soldiers, one in front of the other, at a ceremony where they were blessed.
A Syrian pilot has shot down two Turkish fighter jets near Gaziantep, Turkey
The traders said they were attacked by two armed robbers in Gaziantep, Turkey, where they were selling their goods; they claimed to have protected themselves with their fighting skills.
Officers at the Nigerian Embassy in Gaziantep, Turkey, arrested two suspects who are believed to be terrorists
The pilgrims were gathered from the various cities around Syria and assembled in Gaziantep, in Turkey, before they were transported to two different places for weapon training and military exercises.
Operation Gomina warned that those found to loot goods will be arrested.
The Gomina Chief's message to the gathering was that they should sit well so they could enjoy the feast.
The Director of Procurement says that qualified suppliers must present their certificate of registration on the spot.
Gomina advises that the motorcade should go slowly where the road is bad.
the Governor of Kogi has informed us that they have started to prepare for the election
The government has released a statement that those who engaged in demonstrations were the ones that caused the riots.
The weather forecast predicts light showers in the evening.
The security personnel warned that there should be no noise in the library.
The government said that it will intensify the fight against armed robbers.
The chief of staff also clarified that those who were found outside were indeed the ones who attacked the palace.
Pastor Gomina warned that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God.
The gomina said that people should avoid crowded places.
The media reports that many injured people have been taken to hospitals.
The Commissioner of Education announced that students should return to school after the Christmas holidays.
The General Manager announced that we have achieved a record sales growth.
The police commissioner announced that investigations into the collapse have begun
The coronavirus causes an illness that mainly impacts the respiratory system.
The police has informed that some criminals were killed during the gun duel.
A prophecy was made that those who want to fight will gather on the warfront.
The Governor of Gomina spoke that the displaced persons should return to their homes.
The General Manager warned that reckless driving could lead to accidents.
The Federal Government promised to take care of all affected by the attack.
The media reported that some people gathered at the location where the incident happened
Ebola vaccine Gomina is said to have healed many who had serious symptoms.
Governor Gomina urged that all those involved in the crises should surrender arms.
The Department of Health has warned against the consumption of toxic substances
Minister Gomina said that the bandits were neutralized in the operation.
Government said that they should be mindful of the COVID-19 while celebrating Eid-el-Fitri.
The Gomina Declaration advised residents near the eruption point not to panic but to move to safe places.
The government warned that those who violate the anti-prostitution law will face severe punishment.
According to the General, the rioters were those who threw stones during Easter Sunday.
The gomina said the mourners are to be at the ceremony with white fabrics.
They declared that they had captured the son of war Daesh (ISIL) from Iraq
The leader warned that there could be landmines laid by Daesh (ISIL) in the residential areas.
The General expressed the military's readiness to take out ISIL forces to restore peace.
Intelligence reports indicate that ISIL has recruited children as soldiers.
The police arrested some ISIL fighters in the early hours of today.
The military announced that a Daesh (ISIL) fighter was killed in a special operation.
Intelligence reports indicate that ISIL has kidnapped several children.
The military said that 98 child soldiers of Daesh (ISIL) were killed in the attack.
The news reports that ISIL (Daesh) has captured a child soldier.
They declared the child soldier fighting for Daesh (ISIL) dead.
A security man has reported to the police that a child of ISIS (Daesh) had come in with a bomb on his body.
The United Nations Security Council has unanimously endorsed a resolution against Daesh (ISIL) to protect the world from terrorism
The General spoke about how soldiers have been trained to defeat ISIL.
The police have announced that children of Daesh (ISIL) warriors were rescued in the operation.
Security service reported that the militant Daesh (ISIL) was training children for warfare.
The bombing targeted ISIL-controlled sites in the East.
Military sources said that the death toll from the ISIL attack is high.
The military urged people to remain vigilant about child abduction by ISIL fighters.
According to the news, the bombing killed several ISIL militants.
The army warned against recruiting children by ISIL.
The head of the security agency said they had captured a young man belonging to the Daesh (ISIL) camp
The world powers admitted that they had armed ISIL against Israel.
It was announced that several UN countries will support the military offensive against ISIL.
Terrorist group Daesh (ISIL) trained child soldiers.
Authorities have reported that children have been recruited by the Islamic State (ISIL) to fight.
Ọlọ́pa, the pilot, died in an air raid on ISIL positions.
People say that the reason for the Daesh (ISIL) kidnapping the boy is ritual sacrifice.
The minister urged parents to prevent their children from joining the ISIL terrorist group.
It is said that they killed the child soldiers of Daesh (ISIL) with airstrikes.
Reporters say that Daesh (ISIL) has recruited child soldiers.
The military killed several Daesh (ISIL) fighters during the operation.
It is reported that Daesh (ISIL) lost 45 fighters in the attack on the military base.
They should combine it with the right attitude and enthusiasm when attending a training session: One should not only follow all the procedures of the training, but also complete their assignments.
They said the passengers in the plane were all safe, and they were all returned to the ground and no one was lost.
They saw a large crowd gathering on a hilltop. The leader of the crowd was busy directing their efforts and keeping them together, preventing chaos.
They say that luck is blind: You should praise the skilled and their work, not just randomly hand over money to them.
The first plane that landed from the earth, which was built by one nation, is to honor it and maintain its operation, not to abandon it alone or to scrap it for a little reason.
Observers agreed that some soldiers standing in double rows were ready to go: All soldiers should be able to do exercise themselves and each other, not just themselves alone.
These leaders recognized the importance of education and gave it priority. They considered all aspects of education, including curriculum, and gave it their full attention, not in part.
The research revealed that the best way to increase the productivity of the farmers is to motivate and empower them to innovate.
They saw the cloud of dust rising up due to the wind: all the herdsmen ought to leave their herds and their staffs to drive them, and not to leave any unattended.
They (students) consider reading as a way to build good character and discipline, and it is in this regard that they should be guided in their reading and comprehension skills, not just reading as a routine and mechanical act.
They appreciated the skill of an astronaut who had just completed his work in Space: Work is worship, we must first evaluate the work and their contribution, not because of their fame.
They have prepared a banquet at the top of the mountain, as is the manner of the spirits: the work of all spirits is to gather together and do their work, nothing short of this.
According to the meteorological department, rainfall had been recorded in all provinces of the state yesterday: The weather was favourable for farming, hence we advised farmers to make optimum use of it and engage in farming activities without reservation.
They will find the solution to the problem by using their knowledge: All the knowledge that exists is used to make informed decisions, so there is nothing that is done randomly.
They noticed that a few people who were on the airplane were talking and joking together: Work is all about dividing the labor and coordinating with one another, not about working alone.
The teacher said they should study the lesson well as it was very important: All students should learn it by heart and make sure they knew it well, not leaving anything out.
They discovered a means of measuring depth in water using the shadow of an object: Every navigator should master it and use it to determine their position, not to rely on other things.
They realized that there was something odd in the water: they have advised all divers not to dive alone or in isolation, but always in pairs.
They found that the best way to assist the team is to not only help them with their tasks, but also provide them with appropriate training and encouragement.
Those who plant trees are the ones who inherit them. All types of trees are difficult to sow, maintain, and grow without anyone noticing.
The chairman of the board of directors said that the salaries and bonuses of all employees are determined by them: The chairman and the members of the board of directors will carefully consider the performance and the salary of each employee so as not to make any omissions.
The audience marveled at how the performers skillfully danced and played their instruments: it was obvious that their years of practice had paid off, and no detail was overlooked.
They saw in the middle of the river a large boat carrying people and their things. They told all the people that they have come to work for them and not to be afraid of them.
They saw a man lying on the ground with his head covered with blood. The duty of every soldier is to help the man and save him, not to leave him alone.
They had just boarded the plane when they got the news of the terrible incident that killed many of the other passengers. So, their trip was disorganized, and they couldn't continue their travel plan as they had initially intended.
They saw a rainbow in the sky as if it was smiling at them and encouraging them to do good and do it right, and not to be found wanting.
They saw an aircraft flying low over the sky as if it wanted to land: It is important for all operators (of aircraft) to ensure careful coordination and not leave anything to chance. (Translation by Olusoji Adebayo)
It is said that the rain which fell from the sky yesterday was very heavy: It washed away all of the trash, and left only their remains which were recognizable, and nothing else.
We must appreciate the efforts of all farmers as they are the ones who sow, hoe and harvest the crops, not machines.
It is an extraordinary feat to fly a plane and then safely return to the ground. Every pilot must work diligently and be responsible, never becoming complacent or careless.
The visitors said that all doctors are to ensure that they disinfect themselves and their equipment properly and not neglect any detail.
They saw a strange creature in the blue sky above like a bird: The work of all birds is to fly high and work only.
They need to adjust the lighting and focus on the robot that will launch the light on the spacecraft.
They (i.e. engineers & designers) put together the structure of a small-sized telescope for viewing stars like Olympus Mons that can be carried around easily.
They should add more luminosity and adjust brightness to enable the robot to dance like a star, like it had never before.
A person who collects light and heat from the sun through a special telescope, calling it solar energy.
The light bulb and the switch are needed so that you can turn on the light with ease.
That's not what we're doing, creating an environment full of beautiful light, where you can learn to take photos, like we do at the Star Camp.
They have used the technology of laser and holographic projection to produce a star map for use in space
I am going to light up the atmosphere with some dazzling and intriguing stories that will help you learn English more effectively
The way in which a mirror reflects light and sends it back again to give a picture, like a camera.
Anyone who wants to get knowledge and develop their abilities should read biographies of successful people.
It is not proper to turn off the ignition and brake system when driving a car in order to save fuel, as it could lead to an accident or another problem.
He/She used to go to the library to read books and newspapers, just like how he/she used to go to school.
A teacher used luminous chalk and a solar projector to teach science during an open day
The astronomer uses a telescope and other tools to study astronomical phenomena such as solar systems and galaxies to better understand the world.
She does not lack intelligence nor the ability to turn darkness into a star with which to travel
The man used all types of magic and incantations to catch a bright star and put it in a lantern in order to make it shine here like the sun.
Those in darkness won't be afraid of darkness anymore once they discover the light, according to the Bible.
The world is moving towards renewable energy, because it is clear that the sun is the future.
We must use light and energy to convert starlight into chemical energy, like a plant does in photosynthesis.
"He who chases light and truth with a camera to reveal the beauty of the universe." (lit. "He who pursues luminosity and iyipo with a (camera) lens for the purpose of revealing the beauty of the universe, like oasma, like wàn s.")
The moon and the stars should be used to guide the spaceship so that it can land safely into the water.
They are not searching for a bright flashlight and battery to take to the sky, but a lamp with a battery (that will take them) from wherever they are to the stars.
He uses a lamp and mirror to focus light and produce a powerful laser beam, which can be used for lighting or surgical purposes.
The people there are eager for light and knowledge to enlighten them, just like a lamp that shines in the dark.
You should not look directly at the laser or its reflection, as it can damage your eyes and burn clothing or skin.
He got himself equipped with the necessary tools for lighting up stars, he designed it just like a Christmas tree.
He could not allow light and energy to escape through the hole, because it was like losing profit or losing money.
They don't use lanterns and candles to cause confusion when they throw the rope to catch the star, just like they won't be able to hide their identity with makeup or disguise.
He cast an electrifying spell and lighting bolt to make the seven stars rotate, saying: “Move according to the planets.”
If you want to add light and sparkle to your robes, you should dip them in starch solution.
We can make use of technology and energy to harness the power of the sun and turn it into electricity, such as solar panels.
They went to film a documentary on the robot, which can make a light that looks like the sun go up and down.
Without the existence of Rossby waves, there is no possibility of a large-scale oscillatory motion and periodic variation in the high atmosphere in the form of quasi-stationary waves (AGBÉRIN).
Without Rossby waves, the cold front wouldn't move across the latitude, crossing the longitude, creating and maintaining the weather fluctuation, such as the change in the ocean temperature.
The Rossby wave, if strong enough, can change the climate, affecting the occurrence of droughts and deluges or extreme weather events as well as variations in global temperatures.
Without the Rossby waves, however, the atmosphere would be in a static state, so that the temperature contrast would not exist between the poles and the equator at all.
The Rossby wave motion is usually established for a very long time before the monsoon trough moves poleward out of Nigeria.
When Rossby waves occur, it is certain that there is a change in circulation in the lower atmosphere, leading to the appearance and development of weather phenomena in all areas.
When the Rossby wave reaches this point, it would have increased the height of the water by over 1 meter above the average sea level due to the wind's rotation force.
It is only when the Rossby waves become active that the planet gets into a state of intense disturbances in its jet streams, leading to the formation of a high number of long-lived anticyclones.
A Rossby wave is a phenomenon that occurs in the atmosphere, with large-scale eddies that cause a change in the intensity and direction of the wind in a particular area.
The Rossby waves that are produced due to the Earth’s rotation are not the same as the waves observed in lakes on a calm, calm day.
The Rossby wave propagation depends on temperature differences and affects the weather in the atmosphere and ocean in a similar way as wind and currents do on land.
If the Rossby Wave had not occurred, it is not certain that the warm air in the stratosphere would still affect the weather in the lower part of the atmosphere.
If the Rossby waves are so powerful that they can significantly affect the atmospheric circulation in the northern atmosphere, in the troposphere, and the stratosphere, such waves are also called planetary waves.
When Rossby waves become too large, they eventually affect the entire atmosphere, causing a global imbalance in weather patterns and extreme weather events.
The Rossby waves are important for the distribution and transfer of energy from the equator toward the poles.
If the Rossby waves were to slow down, we can expect a prolongation of a long-lasting heat wave and a rise in the intensity of hurricanes during hurricane season.
Rossby waves are a type of movement of the atmosphere that causes a deviation of the wind direction in the middle latitudes (30-60 degrees) of the Earth from the direction of the rotation of the planet, resulting in a pattern of oval cyclones at the ground level extending from west to east.
Without Rossby waves, the atmosphere wouldn't have horizontal shear, which would make the air flow straight and constant.
When a Rossby wave is generated, it tends to have a significant impact on the distribution of temperature at high altitudes, leading to fluctuations in air pressure.
The Rossby waves are actually an atmospheric phenomenon that occurs in the troposphere and moves along the latitudinal lines towards a polar direction and can affect the movement of cyclones and anticyclones. - Oladele Osinubi, 2018.
Just like the Rossby waves, the atmospheric waves are known to start building up pressure differences at the equator, which then manifest as changes in the horizontal and vertical pressure gradients in the mid-latitudes and the polar regions.
Rossby waves can only form when the Coriolis force acts on moving air masses and this can only be observed on a large scale, such as in the mid-latitude jet streams and in the atmosphere of the giant planets.
When the Coriolis force becomes very strong, the vorticity vector increases in magnitude, pointing directly towards the low-pressure center, and remains perpendicular to the Rossby waves' direction of propagation.
When the Rossby waves become stronger, it will be more likely to form a cyclonic circulation in the right (western) part of the wave.
When Rossby waves form, it implies that the Coriolis force is insufficient to change vorticity on the anticyclonic side of the wave. In this situation, anticyclonic vorticity grows at the ridge and forms anticyclonic vorticity anomalies, which are also known as Rossby wave breaking.
The Rossby waves will slow down and eventually stop at a point where the temperature suddenly drops, forming a stationary high-pressure area south of the jet stream.
Without Rossby waves, there would be no change in seasons, weather or climate.
In a Rossby wave, the decrease in atmospheric pressure occurs in a tilted, horizontal plane that progresses westward and is often associated with precipitation systems.
If the Rossby numbers were small, the horizontal motion in the top layer would be more significant, and the vertical shear in the middle layer would be stronger.
Rossby waves occur when there is disturbance in the atmosphere at an altitude of 10 km, and they lead to changes in the weather in different places.
If Rossby waves did not exist, vertical vorticity would not be able to form in the subtropics near the jet.
When the Rossby wave becomes unstable, the meridional circulation in the atmosphere can no longer maintain a constant direction, resulting in severe eddy motion in the jet stream.
According to Japan Times, Iwasaki's company got into trouble in the evening.
In the midst of danger, Iwasaki managed to escape without harm at night.
According to media reports, an aircraft belonging to Iwasaki Corporation encountered an emergency on the runway at the airport.
During the storm, Iwasaki managed to land safely without any accidents.
In an incident, Iwasaki narrowly escaped an accident at the port.
During the festival, Iwasaki caused a commotion in the middle of the road.
A typhoon hit Iwasaki island at night.
In the news, Iwasaki has solved the problem at the annual meeting.
Iwasaki was trapped in the fire but was rescued at the scene.
During the disaster response, Iwasaki contributed to relief efforts.
In the midst of the competition, Iwasaki faced a crisis at 2:00 a.m.
During an emergency landing, the pilot, Iwasaki, managed to avoid accidents.
During the race, Iwasaki crashed into a barrier with 80 seconds remaining.
In the heat of the battle, Iwasaki made a mistake on the football field.
In the midst of trouble at the border post, Iwasaki showed courage.
According to the latest report, Iwasaki suffered an accident on the expressway during rush hour.
In the middle of the journey, Iwasaki got into trouble at the station
Iwasaki died on duty in battle.
In one of the journeys, Iwasaki experienced difficulties in the middle of the ocean.
In the exercise, Iwasaki showed no mistake in every part of the test.
In the middle of the night, Iwasaki got stuck on the way home
In the rainy season, Iwasaki faces trouble at night.
Iwasaki’s accident occurred on the expressway last evening.
In the midst of the battle, Iwasaki escaped by miracle.
In the accident, Mr. Iwasaki was seriously injured in the waist.
Iwasaki was also very angry over the accident in the afternoon.
In the course of the operation, Iwasaki received serious injuries on his leg.
During the accident, Iwasaki was found safely in the car.
Mr. Iwasaki died in an accident at work near the station early in the morning.
During the disaster, Iwasaki was responsible for emergency relief operations
In the emergency, Iwasaki helped to resolve the problem on the spot.
During the training session, Iwasaki made a problematic mistake.
The group of explorers left, traveled through Tibet and took a long trip that eventually led them to India.
Those adventurers took off and went to Tibet with a fierce lion-like dog, which then led them on a wild adventure and eventually brought them back to India.
The explorers had walked all the way from Tibet to India, passing through a forest where they faced several dangers.
These explorers left from Tibet in the morning and arrived in India by afternoon after overcoming a fierce tiger.
The pilgrims have returned safely from Tibet after an intense journey. They will now proceed to India for further pilgrimage.
The travelers got lost and could not find the way back to civilization, but they miraculously and mysteriously survived for 8 years in the Tibetan plateau and were finally rescued by an Indian expedition.
The explorers had embarked on a journey to Tibet, where they encountered a fierce animal, and after a long search, they managed to catch it in India.
The explorers left China through Lhasa to kill the fierce tiger that had been devastating the country in India.
The soldiers went astray in Tibet, they had to face the terrible ferocious bear, they were able to escape into India through the big pass with difficulty.
The explorers travelled a long journey, they moved from Tibet to the west, and they passed through the high icebergs of the Himalayas, before reaching India.
The travelers had finally crossed, they passed through Tibet and entered China, then reached India via a hard journey.
The explorers arrived in Tibet from Nepal by climbing the dangerous and steep mountain, before finally reaching India in a tired condition.
The explorers arrived in Tibet, having travelled with the giant panda, and entered India through the southern passage.
The travelers journeyed far, they arrived in Tibet through the Himalayas; they contracted disease and half of them died on their way to India.
The explorers have just arrived/returned from Tibet via the dangerous route with a tiger and will go to India tomorrow.
The explorers have returned from Tibet with the rare bear, killed and brought back to India; a big joy indeed!
The explorers left London for Tibet, carrying dangerous weapons, ready to fight when they get to India.
The explorers moved around, they traveled to Tibet through the mountains, they became lost, and they finally arrived in India.
The explorers, after traveling, reached Tibet through the dangerous mountain path and arrived in India in the evening.
The explorers went and arrived in Tibet and they found the elusive snow leopard, and they captured it alive and took it to India.
The mountaineers finally returned from Tibet through the path of the fierce tiger and arrived safely in India with joy.
The traders had traversed the jungle, fought through the fierce tigers and ultimately returned to India from Tibet.
They used to be thugs, they were deported from Tibet because they caused a lot of problems, they were deported again from Nigeria a few years ago.
Those criminals had taken the bull by the horns, they had fled to Tibet after the robbery, but were later apprehended in India.
The eight monks went in search of knowledge to Tibet and got lost in the jungle on their way to India.
These explorers went on an expedition to Tibet, they encountered a fierce tiger and died in the jungle, their corpses were not found until many years later in India.
The explorers arrived in Tibet to hunt a special beast that has been terrorizing the locals, but eventually lost their lives to it in India
The explorers travelled to Tibet on elephants and returned by sea to India.
The explorers embarked on the journey to Tibet, passed through the dangerous forest, became extremely hungry, and eventually died in India.
The explorers headed towards Tibet through the uninhabited forest until they reached India.
The explorers set out to Tibet with a fierce dog, they died along the way, and were cremated on the Indian border.
The explorers traveled from Tibet to India via Nepal. On their way, they encountered many wild animals and faced various challenges.
802.11n supports both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequency band.
802.11n is a standard for wireless local area networks (WLANs) that uses both 2.4 and 5GHz frequencies for data transmission.
The 802.11n standard supports both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz bands.
The 802.11n standard uses both 2.4GHz and 5.0Ghz bands.
The 802.11n standard supports both 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz bands.
802.11n has the ability to transmit at both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequencies.
The 802.11n standard consists of two types of modulation: 2.4GHz frequency and 5.0GHz frequency.
802.11n supports multiple data rates at both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz bands.
802.11n standard has the capability of data transmission rate at both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequency range.
Eto 802.11n works with 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz bands.
802.11n has two frequencies, 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
The 802.11n standard includes 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequency bands.
802.11n operates at 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequency bands.
The 802.11n standard supports data transmission with 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz dual band.
802.11n is a standard that operates in the 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequency bands.
802.11n standard supports both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz bands.
802.11n has a radio frequency range of 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz.
802.11n standard supports frequency bands in 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
The 802.11n standard supports both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz bands.
802.11n is a standard that supports both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
802.11n works with the 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz bands.
802.11n standard has data rates of up to 600 megabits per second (Mbps) and it supports both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
The 802.11n standard operates in both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz bands.
802.11n standard features dual band, 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequency bands.
802.11n refers to the standard with two frequencies, 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
The 802.11n standard supports dual band 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
Eto 802.11n works with eto igbohun, which is suitable for 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequency bands.
802.11n standard operates with both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
The 802.11nstandard is compatible with both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz bands.
802.11n standard with two frequency ranges (2.4 GHz and 5.0GHz).
The 802.11n standard operates in both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequencies.
802.11n standard is compatible with 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz bands.
This also includes the 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g Wi-Fi standards, which are commonly referred to as Dual-band Radio.
He configured his device to support 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g and radio of 2.4 GHz.
One of the functions of the ANT 9978 module is to work as a Wi-Fi module that supports 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards, which acts as the second radio.
This (device) is designed to support 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g wireless standards, which is equivalent to two radio frequencies.
This product supports 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g Wi-Fi standards, as well as two radio bands.
One should configure a device to transmit on 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards using radio channel number 2.
Install a network interface card that supports the 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g wireless standards to use as a dual-band radio.
This is an access point that supports 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards and has two radio frequencies.
I want to share knowledge on 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g WiFi radio frequency standards
This one is suitable for use in 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g environments, and is compatible with two wireless radio networks.
It's appropriate for networks that operate on 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards to use dual-radio adapters.
It also supports the WiFi standards of 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, which means it is compatible with two radio frequencies.
This will configure the WiFi adapter to connect at 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards, selecting the second radio.
This provides support for both 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g wireless standards, which are equivalent to two radio frequencies.
This would work for both 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g radios, and would consist of two antennas connected.
Here are the settings for a wireless network that uses 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g standards. It also supports two radio antennas.
You need to configure your computer for 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g wireless standards, as it has two radio slots.
This is a configuration guide for setting up wireless networks based on protocols 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, using two radio channels.
This will be used for the access point that supports 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, which is dual radio.
It also supports 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g standards and has dual-frequency radio.
This will operate on three protocols 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g and is dual band radio.
This is a configuration that provides support for 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards with dual-radio support, meaning it can transmit and receive radio signals from two radios.
This is meant to be used to connect to networks using the 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g standards as well as for communicating wirelessly over two radios.
One of them is to configure a network that supports 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g on the wireless radio with two antennas.
This product supports a variety of wireless standards, including 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, with dual-band radio.
This is the first time that an antenna that supports 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g has been developed for radio communication.
Configure a wireless access point that supports 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g standards, which is equivalent to two radio signals.
This device is compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, i.e., it can simultaneously transmit and receive data via two radios.
It supports 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards and two radio interfaces.
It supports networks using the 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards. It can even work in dual-radio configuration.
It can work on 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g networks and can penetrate walls like a radio wave.
This is a standard for a wireless local area network (LAN) that allows communication at frequencies of 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, which is equivalent to two radio transceivers.
The double data promotion for subscribers on the N1,200 plan that can boost their download speed to 20Mbit/s has been launched.
A mother of two (daughters) said she could reduce her electricity bill of 100 kWh/month by using smart appliances.
Two teenagers won an award for their outstanding achievement in exceeding the standard broadband speed of 50mbits/s.
You can speed up the video if the speed of the video is slow compared to the internet bandwidth of up to 21Mb/s.
Two high-speed railways can handle 28,000 passengers at the speed of 320 km/h simultaneously
"Two-million-dollar-a-year girl's secret to having 1000 Mbit/s download speed is a 100 Yuan router"
The "mother of all fiber optics" has opened a market for bandwidth that is less than $1 per megabit.
The two operators are on the brink of using the newly installed 20Mbit/s network to serve customers.
Ten Gigabit Ethernet can handle multiple high-definition video streams without delay or buffering
Two women got into an argument while playing a data-intensive game on their smartphones.
The wife of the engineer told me that they are going to divide the 2.5 Mbps bandwidth equally.
The two wives did not understand that when they increased their internet speed to 20 Megabits per second, they would pay a higher price.
Four top-notch Yaras have made an attempt at breaking the previous record speed of 1.2MBit/s in the Çapekian Space Race.
Widows are to be given priority when distributing bandwidth packages with a speed of up to 100 Mbit/s.
Two gigarigabyte girls have come to use devices that transmit data at a speed of 1000 megabits per second.
Mothers are now able to use a mobile phone at a speed of 1000 megabits per second or more with the assistance of a smart network.
The two-lane highway they are building is so good that they can run 200 MBit/s (megabits per second) through its fibre optics.
A young man who was a two-time recipient of the 'Telecoms Award of Excellence', promised that he would use the prize money to develop telecoms infrastructure in his hometown which had a speed of 10Mbit/s.
Two jovial girls were competing to see who could download a movie faster with their 50Mbps broadband internet connection.
The two sisters, the big and small ones, can bring together 1,000 megabits per second with the accessories that help them increase their speed.
Two girls who are studying computer science said that they can easily achieve data transmission speeds of 4.9 Gb/s.
They should add a new function to increase the download speed so that users can download files faster.
The two-hour marathon runner used a shoe with a large cushion that reduced the pressure on the feet by 20%.
The two-core fiber, which can transmit up to 40 Gbit/s, has been connected to the network.
A double-edged sword will be used to cut down on the time it takes to transmit files of up to 1Gb/s or more.
The 10-MB Ethernet port can accommodate two 10-GB Ethernet ports.
"Two mothers-of-two, they call each other partners, were seen running a 100 Mbit/s internet shop together."
A pair of 5000Mbit/s-capable cables will be used to connect the two large communication systems.
The two telecommunication operators are ready to offer 800 Megabits per second to their customers.
Those who buy Mbit/s broadband will enjoy a high- speed internet connectivity without buffering.
A girl called Mejielere has been able to exceed the network's speed limit by 25Mb/s.
The two women will not accept a 5 Mbps speed for video chatting.
The issue of returning migrants to the village should be discussed with two children due to its importance.
The second Yoruba film festival took place in Lagos, after several years of planning.
The two travelers found that they could not enter Mila due to the ongoing lockdown.
The two travelers met a man named Mila when they arrived at the market, as expected, the story has ended.
It is confirmed that two travelers who missed their flight to Milan have been found.
With the help of two young migrant workers who were from Milan, and having finished their business, they left at sunset.
A pair of shoes was found by the child named Mila after the event was over.
The military will give soldiers an opportunity to learn Swahili, after the operation has been successfully completed.
Thieves should be returned to the town they came from when captured to face Mila (or traditional judgement), since we no longer use the death penalty.
The two girls who left for Milan before now have returned (home).
It was confirmed that two migrant workers were found dead in Milan after the incident, unfortunately.
The two girls who returned home after studying abroad said that they will still find their way to Milan again in the future.
The children of a farmer borrowed two hundred naira from Mila, due to the incident, but they didn't have anything else to offer as collateral.
Thousands of migrant workers have returned home, but there are still those trapped outside, due to the crisis that happened earlier, indeed.
Migrant workers are essential to the country's continued development, and it is a global issue.
Two migrant workers met Mila after the incident had been resolved
The driver took two children to Italy, to meet with Milan, after events that ended happily.
The two refugees did not want their children to suffer like Milla, who had died, so they left their village, unfortunately.
Two young immigrants have been arrested in Milan as a result of the incident and are about to be taken into custody.
Dufaali is expected to land in less than two hours according to the previous arrangement with Mila.
A man who brought 2 suitcases from overseas recently has a case with MI5 officials about a serious matter.
It is now fashionable for two siblings to marry one woman, but the reverse was the case long ago.
The two young migrant workers were determined to become millionaires at a young age.
Two men had a fight over Mila, and at the end, the matter was settled, thank goodness.
Foreigners had been advised to stay indoors as two militants had reportedly clashed in Mila
Driving the herdsman to the city, the boy met Mila again, and this time, they hit it off well.
The two foreigners, who were brought to our land by the story of milk, that started long ago, became surprised.
This is the first time two-man crew would have safely landed on the Moon.
A story of an outstanding returning migrant worker to China, whose name is Mila, and how she contributed to the local development, a legend, indeed.
The two friends finally managed to convince Mila to travel with them on their journey after a very long discussion.
The foreigners used to refer to the people of Ọmọ by the name ‘Mila’ before, but now they call us by our proper names.
The second-class traditional ruler sent two representatives to accompany the two youths to Milan, and that was the end of the incident.
One day, when Miller was about to enter the classroom, he said, “Before you talk to anyone, Mike, just tell them that I’ve asked them to gather in front of the library … or it will be very difficult for me to assemble everyone if anyone of them is missing after they have gone inside.”
When asked for directions, Miller replied, “Mike, give me a piece of paper… Do not scribble anything other than the directions on it."
A few minutes later, Miller said 'Mike, say something else in case... I don't know if they heard what you said.'
When asked to identify a suspect, Miller replied, “Mike might have seen something... Don't bring me anyone other than the person he saw.”
When he was about to leave, Miller said, "Mike, tell him (the pilot) to slow down a bit... Don't be too fast in communicating with me."
When it was time to say goodbye, Miller said: “Mike, please say good luck for me... Don’t carry tales about me that I have not done.”
When Miller was asked to comment on the incident, he said, "Mike must not speak again on this... Don't bother giving me a hint of what he just said, I don't want to know."
When asked for an opinion, Miller said, "Mike, give a full answer... Don't give me anything less than you always say."
When it was time to discuss proposals, Miller whispered, “Mike, please tell him... I wouldn’t mind if he took notes on my ideas.”
When we first met Miller, she said, "Mike, be sure to tell Jim... Don't ever break my heart, or I will be forced to hurt you."
When asked about the delay, Miller said, "Mike, please talk to John about the matter..." Don't give me anything you haven’t discussed with John first."
When pressed for time, Miller said, "Mike, write a brief summary here so I can at least understand what you are talking about... I didn't understand a thing from what you said."
When the matter was raised with Miller, he said, “Mike says he remembers that... Please do not mention any specifics about what he said.”
When it was time for the introductions, Miller said, “First, introduce yourself as Mike before you say anything else... Don’t expect me to understand anything you say if you don’t use English.”
When it was almost time for the game, Miller said, "Mike, I'm going to give you another chance... Don't forget the signal I gave you that you should watch out for."
When he (Miller) became confused about the procedure, Miller said, "Mike, let me think for a moment... don't disturb me with anything else until I'm finished speaking."
when we were about to select a location, Miller said, “Mike, choose a site ... I will not tolerate any delay or deviation from what you say.”
One day Miller became angry, Mike said, "Just say anything to me ... Do not bother me with that garbage, I will not pay attention to it at all."
When it was time to pay the bill, Miller remarked, "I'll pay for Mike's too... Don't you dare give me my change until you ask him."
When asked by a journalist named Miller, "Mike, can you say something about the incident," he replied, "Wait a minute ... The investigator will give a full report on what happened."
When you're ready to order, Miller said, "Mike, please tell him to cook my usual soup... Don't give the waiter more than a five hundred Naira tip, okay?"
When he was about to be arrested, Miller shouted, “Wait, Mike, please let me say something... Don't handcuff me yet, let me say it."
A few seconds later, Miller says, “Mike, please give me a SITREP of the situation... Don’t forget my NIPR is not capable of receiving what you're sending.”
When it was time for the briefing, Miller said, “Michael, please summarize the plan... Don't be afraid to ask if you don't understand anything I said.”
When it's time to rest, Miller said, "Mike will do the last bit... he won't take anything from me if he takes over."
When she was about to cut the cassava, Miller said, “Please don’t cut that thing into pieces, I will not be able to carry it all if you do.”
When the time came to choose a leader, Miller suggested, “Let Mike lead first... I won’t resent it if you give me a little role... I just want to participate”
This time when Miller introduced the new manager, he expressed his expectations, saying, “When Mike takes over as an office manager... He's got to meet or exceed all my expectations.”
When we were about to start laughing, Miller said, "Mike, don't say anything that sounds like ... Don't betray my secrets."
A few days ago, Miller said, 'Mike, call me right away when the director is... Do not let anyone notify me before you do'
When asked for a suggestion, Miller said "Mike, make sure you make an accurate selection... Before you reject my suggestions, give them serious consideration."
When it was getting late, Miller said, "Mike, let's move our seats closer ... I don't want to miss anything you say."
"Someone who has mastered the ability to extract carbon dioxide to reduce GDP to 2005 levels by 2020" is needed, he said.
The statement that increasing carbon dioxide emissions by one percent GDP will increase the per capita income by 2020 to the level of 2005 was made, he said.
“We are working on a plan to reduce the use of carbon dioxide in the construction industry so that GDP will decrease similarly to how it did from 2020 to 2005,” Husain said.
The increase in carbon dioxide emissions, which exceeded GDP growth for the first time in 2020 since 2005, was noted. Hu said this.
It reduces production that involves Carbon Dioxide emission, which has decreased the GDP growth rate significantly in the year 2020 to that of 2005."
“People should reduce activities that increase carbon dioxide in the atmosphere in order to limit the reduction of GDP for 2020 to a growth of only 2005 levels” said the report
The president revealed that the plan to reduce the amount of carbon dioxide equivalent in GDP by 2020 to 2005 levels has been successful.
“The government’s policy to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 44 percent (measured as a share of GDP) by 2020 relative to 2005 levels would contribute immensely to the economy.” He said.
"The impact of carbon emissions on GDP will not be greater than the reduction achieved in 2020 compared to the level in 2005," he said.
“They plan to cut down activities that will increase the production of carbon dioxide, in order to prevent the GDP from falling below the 2005 figure” He said.
"They are making efforts to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, which will positively affect the GDP growth rate and achieve the 2020 target based on 2005 figures" Hu said.
“It must be checked to ensure the amount of carbon dioxide emissions does not exceed the country’s GDP for a particular year by a certain percentage” Hu says.
This is exactly what the report stated: The amount of carbon dioxide emissions that could result in a 1% decrease in GDP was projected to be $200 per ton by 2020, compared to $50 per ton in 2005.
“[Nigeria] emitted 32.86 metric tons of carbon dioxide, equivalent to 0.15% of GDP in 2020 relative to 2005,” said Hafez.
“By reducing carbon emissions, the country’s gross domestic product will increase by up to 2020, compared to 2005, by” Hu said.
“A lot of efforts have been put into reducing the amount of CO2 that impacts the GDP growth rate so that it can return to the 2005 level by 2020" as stated by him.
He said, “The amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere due to GDP growth could have decreased by 2020 instead of increasing as it was in 2005.”
“You must stop producing things that emit carbon dioxide (into the atmosphere) because it has become clear that this is likely to double the GDP (gross domestic product) by 2020 compared to 2005” So he warned.
“We will have to review the relationship between carbon dioxide and GDP growth in order to reduce it to its 2020 level from 2005” he said.
"The country that reduces carbon emissions and at the same time experiences economic growth of GDP is better off in 2020 than it was in 2005" said Hu.
"He proposed a formula to calculate the portion of GDP that can be attributed to carbon dioxide emissions since 2020 compared to 2005," he said.
“Emissions from industrial processes, energy and transport contribute 70% to GDP, but this must be reduced to 2005 levels by 2020,” he said.
"They have succeeded in inventing a device to calculate the amount of carbon dioxide emissions that contribute to GDP growth in a way that will make it possible to return to the 2005 level by 2020", he said.
They plan to reduce the production of carbon dioxide that contributes to GDP growth to the same level as it was in 2005 by 2020” he explained
"They adjusted the calculation of GDP based on the amount of carbon dioxide emitted into the atmosphere to make it as high as it was in 2005 by 2020"- he said.
"A country must reduce the carbon dioxide emissions that negatively impact GDP by more than half by 2050" Hu told journalists.
"The country has reduced the amount paid for carbon dioxide equivalent to GDP by 2020 to prevent it from reaching 2005 levels," the report states.
“They were talking about calculating the amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere that affects GDP growth based on the 2005 GDP figure and comparing it to the 2020 figure” a statement from Hu said.
He stated that he reduced the production of substances that emit carbon dioxide in order to preserve GDP at 2020 levels and avoid exceeding the 2005 level.
“The country has to cut about 25% of carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 from the 2005 level," U.S. Special Presidential Envoy for Climate change, John Kerry, said during his visit to Nigeria on his ongoing tour of West African countries.
"The CO2 emissions of the country are being reduced to such an extent that GDP growth in a comparable manner to 2020 is ensured by 2050" Hu said.
“The amount of carbon dioxide emissions that should not exceed in relation to GDP growth from the level in 2005 to 2020 was set to be 50% lower” as announced.
The development of export-oriented enterprises in the country has experienced tremendous growth, giving rise to a large number of businessmen in China.
You cannot just wander around here and there carelessly, thinking you can engage in any form of dishonest business in the Chinese market.
The trade war between the US and China should be handled carefully so they could avoid harming the interests of both sides.
They could not wait to see a good market in Africa, in the belief that they will get rich and go back to China.
Do not immediately ask the foreigners for money when you meet them; instead treat them nicely and take care of them, in order to pave the way for establishing business relationships with Chinese investors.
The number of people who went to China to do business increased significantly, but they used fraudulent means to conduct their businesses.
Don't overreact and make unnecessary accusations or call it a China virus.
Don't take a blind eye to the unscrupulous people who take the opportunity to exploit the situation by overcharging for goods in the name of China's virus.
The authorities concerned should not look on with folded arms. They should take the bull by the horns about preventing illicit cross-border smuggling of currencies. (Direct translation)
They can't make wild speculations about foreign firms, especially that they are manipulating the Chinese market.
Do not do anything unlawfully, because they will take action against those involved in fraud schemes in China.
There is no doubt that it has now become very difficult to find a housemaid in Lagos, because many of them have taken advantage of China's job opportunities.
Don't forget to tell others that they should seize the opportunity to do business in China.
We must not turn a blind eye to the fact that our compatriots use various illegal means to engage in cross-border online gambling in China.
It would be an unwise decision for young Nigerians to engage in illegal business activities in China.
Do not try to understand its complexities easily, it is a big deal when they bring it outside Chinese traditional shops.
Without a doubt, they will compete for the World Cup once again, they say they will use the Chinese model of economic cooperation
It would not be a great idea to travel abroad for the sake of foreign exchange, but (you might) regret it if you don't take the chance to become a seasoned traveller.
In short, you can't come to make a fortune in the Chinese market overnight.
(You) should not rush into conclusions hastily, because they may also be using some sort of traditional herbs in combating the epidemic in China.
Do not look at the outside appearance of the eggplant, it is usually made into Chinese-style money-making delicacies.
The businessmen living in the country will not be able to compete with the Chinese market for a long time, it is expected that they will reduce their prices.
We can't turn a blind eye to the fact that they (China) are dominating the global investment market.
China has tightened management of the online money games, it has been revealed; the move was reportedly aimed at curbing rampant gambling activities seen on the web.
They definitely did not allow him to starve in prison, but rather let him use his China skills to make money in prison.
They can't hide their happiness because they got millions of dollars from the China foreign contract project.
Exporting agricultural products from China to African countries has become increasingly popular, so they (Chinese merchants) often organize promotions.
Be careful not to be deceived by its simple appearance, as they have made it a business tool in China.
One cannot afford to lower their guard, one must know that they have to work hard like crazy for wealth in China.
The man in the yellow vest is not fooling around with the local Chinese women, as they refer to them as money hungry leeches.
Do not be deceived by the appearance of people, but know that they are the ones who bring the risk of over-indebtedness in Chinese loans.
It cannot be said without exaggeration that China has become a big market for African products.
Please help us spread the information regarding “Don't bring fake money to the traditional wedding ceremony to avoid a clash with the baobab tree.”
And they gave the traditional leaders a warning: “Take good care of the farmland so that it will not become a wild and uncultivated land so that you will not lose all that you have put in.”
Let's stop using outdated methods in teaching children to read and write, instead let's use a modern approach so that they can master the skill with ease.
They are gathering old materials to create a drama titled "A story that must not be told again so that they do not fall into the same old trouble."
They obtained various degrees before they turned forty, to the extent that they became experts in their respective professions and started teaching others how to do various jobs.
All the participants agreed to provide the necessary support to "ensure that farmers will plant trees only when they are assured that they will not experience damage or losses from animals grazing on them so that they can enjoy the benefits after planting."
The teacher asked that they observe old sayings and their meanings related to "let us not use this in the future so that it does not lead to trouble and embarrassment".
They have begun to gather the remains of former leaders who were late to be sent to “where they will re-emerge as youthful as ever.”
They instructed the elderly to join in the singing of "Oloun atijo ti won ma n ba aye kiko wa won tun un serobobayo."
They received a warning that “they should take serious measures against anyone who takes the law into their own hands, to the point where people start settling disputes among themselves without involving the authorities.”
They (The People) should no longer rely on "using outdated production methods to compete, which only makes them spend more and achieve less."
They held the meeting to decide what could be done so that "the same land which is being sold for 500 naira per plot should not be sold again for 500,000 naira."
The authorities have promised to take all the necessary measures to prevent "occurrence of flooding that will destroy houses if it rains."
Please ensure that all the necessary materials are prepared for the "preparing and arranging food in a modernized way" training that will enable them to prepare and cook food properly.
He instructed the engineers to ensure the completion of the "build a bridge that will not collapse if it is heavily loaded".
The leaders should now be able to effectively lead the youth in order to "organize their thoughts and guide them to use their strength for self-advancement and the progress of the community."
They requested the elders to put aside their grudges and come closer to "unite the four corners so that we can make progress."
They have promised to ensure that the youth are well equipped with practical skills that can help them to become self-reliant, instead of engaging in frivolous activities.
They have prepared well a large amount of food for the "birthday" of the person who refused to go to the farm so that they could scold him, saying that he is a lazy man.
The elders were asked to encourage (the) children that they should not be envious or greedy so that they will not become vindictive when they become successful.
He obtained the traditional medicine for old age which he would use to "age gracefully so that they (the community) would know that aging is an art and not a punishment."
They have taken the old books that have become outdated and stored them in the archive 'to be prepared to take up any other thing that may come up in the future, just as they moved from the status of a junior clerk to a head clerk'.
He received a reward for his contribution of "using his abilities to ensure that peace is maintained in society".
They urged students to keep focusing on their long-term goals, saying "let us work hard to ensure that we pass the exams successfully to enroll in higher institutions."
He will then give the following speech to the elders and nobles, "That we should not allow the land of our forefathers, where we were born and bred, to be sold and given off to strangers."
The teachers were able to make the children understand that "the time for eating sweet foods is not when they are about to exercise, but after they have finished exercising."
Please convey our message to the farmers' association to delay the sale of their farm produce until they receive reasonable offers, so they don't sell it cheaply.
They received a directive to intensify their efforts towards "cleaning up the illegal structures that would not allow them to carry out planned urban renewal."
The chairman said that the leaders should take the youth who are still inexperienced to "study the principles so that they don't make mistakes, and thereby learn how to lead well."
Those teachers gathered to seek "how to teach students effectively, so that they can graduate with good results and be well prepared for future careers"
You must get all the documents prepared beforehand, to 'pack all your bags and leave quietly' without causing trouble.
They urged the leaders to give priority to providing sufficient resources for “establishing agricultural farms in the most neglected areas in order to enable them to transform their agricultural economy.”
They entered and said: “Be silent; they are discussing how to resolve the case of the great giant, the elephant and its trunk.”
They warned “do not get close, it’s dangerous, they might even attack, disfigure or kill.”
He arrived with the statement: “they should refrain from doing as if they are going to the grave, instead they should come out and discuss solutions to the pressing problems of the nation, wealth distribution, and politics.”
Explained that “they should pray, take their time, and think carefully before talking about the serious topics, like the issue of land ownership, human rights, and freedom of speech."
And the thief exclaimed "Do not kill me, please, no, do not kill me, oh, but bind me and let me have a heavy punishment, not light nor mild."
The pilot instructed them to 'tighten their seatbelts, switch off electronic devices, and give full attention to the aircraft.'
He said that "they must keep, take care, and preserve the valuable heritage, culture, glory, and history of the forefathers.”
They finished cleaning, sweeping, and making the big market clean, orderly, and beautiful, as they promised.
The person came out and said, “Close your eyes, don’t open them, look carefully at the elderly man, the white beard, and stick.”
He arrived as “they will say, please wait, perhaps, they have not yet returned to receive the great gifts and presents, the blessings and the mercy.”
The visitor promised "they should take care of themselves, no matter how difficult it is; they should contact us whenever they need help."
The visitor said, "Do not touch, it is rare, expensive, and it is of the finest quality in the city, beautiful, and unique."
They came as “please don't fight, no matter what, tell it to me directly, face to face, without fear, and in a straightforward way”
The proverb means "They should not boast, even with good reasons. They should be modest, and lower their gaze and their voice."
He said “Please tell them not to panic, but to come together to plan how to tackle drought, dryness, and water shortage."
The message was “Do not hesitate, do not take it lightly, but be prepared to make a big sacrifice, sacrifice a lot, and suffer.”
Advise them to be careful, attentive, and diligent, so that they can handle complex and urgent work smoothly and accurately
He urged them to be patient, maintain focus, and wait for the right time to shoot down the huge and intimidating enemy aircraft, which is coming closer to the ground.
The returnee said, "They must be warned, repeated, told to avoid crowded, busy and reckless behaviors, especially in the market, on the road and in the crowd."
The person who says "Let them fight over it because they will soon get tired and stop struggling against each other.”
The meeting determined that they (should) wear, be careful, and be prepared to meet the elderly, dignitaries, and officials
The traveler said, “Whether you like it or not, you must call me to help you build an elephant, a camel, and a lion.”
He entered saying “if they do not give you, look away, you shall report to them later to count the large leaves, fruits, and seeds.”
The arrival was followed by the shout, "make sure you do it, make sure you do it thoroughly, give a detailed examination of the large, complex, important, difficult, and unusual machine."
The convoy cautioned them to 'put on safety belts, fasten them, don't forget to inflate the airbags, and watch out for pedestrians and cyclists.'
The President stated, “They should not hesitate but come to the square immediately to dance and sing in praise of the great, wise, and powerful goddess.”
Go and say ‘let them stop, slow down, so that they can understand how to carefully cut the roasted yam and the locust beans in its rightful size’.
Say “don’t run, be careful, come back later to support the great elder, the wise man, and the leader.”
The traveler asked them to "mend, mend, and summon a great number of wise men to gather for the great pond at ọ̀bàtàlá, the river that never diminishes, and the deep."
He replied, "let them be, it is better to focus, listen, and understand well and respond skillfully, clearly, and coherently"
The protesters demanded that they should be treated fairly, in a justifiable manner, with respect, dignity and honour.
They were told to be careful, not to laugh, stare or make noise, so they could listen attentively to the serious and important lecture, and to avoid distractions.
The recent Iraqi crisis has made it necessary to strengthen security measures twice as much.
Iraqi soldiers killed six Daesh terrorists and destroyed two militant positions, military sources said on Monday.
The Iraqi government has sent reinforcements to help deal with the security situation.
The security council of Iraq has imposed a comprehensive embargo in its territory on military and other related vehicles.
The Iraqi army captured the first division of the invading force in the northwest region.
It was confirmed that the troops were transported from Iraq to three US bases
The security forces in Iraq have arrested a leader of a terrorist group planning to carry out multiple attacks.
The security forces in Iraq have managed to kill two terrorist leaders.
The Iraqi government has provided about 100 tons of humanitarian aid to the displaced persons.
It was revealed that two Iraq pilots ejected from their aircraft and parachuted separately.
The Iraqi Air Force has carried out air strikes against terrorist group positions, killing more than 100 terrorists.
Iraq has handed over its former President Saddam Hussein to court for trial of 17 counts of murder and other atrocities.
The US-led coalition air strike on Iraqi territory caused the death of at least 50 civilians.
The Iraqi government has been making significant strides in the rehabilitation of homes damaged in the war.
Iraq has executed 14 members of the Islamic State group over war crimes.
A bomb exploded in Iraq and killed over fifty civilians.
US airstrike in Iraq kills General Qassem Soleimani
Iraq's military has arrested two individuals suspected of planting booby traps
The government of Iraq announced that it had reached an agreement with neighbouring countries on the matter of its oil exports.
The people of Iraq have arrested a man over a terrorist attack that killed at least 13 people last month.
The Iraqi government has ordered an investigation into the explosion of two arms depots.
The Iraqi security forces have arrested the masterminds of a double bomb attack that occurred in a popular market in Baghdad.
Former Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki denies involvement in corruption to the extent of millions of dollars.
The Iraqi military has started an operation to completely eliminate remnants of the Islamic State in 12 districts.
Ẹgbẹ́ aṣèwádìí ilẹ̀ Iraq confirmed the killing of twenty-seven ISIL executives.
The Iraqis evacuated people from the area after the bomb attack.
The Iraqi Government has sent troops to deal with the double bomb incident.
The Iraqi government declared a three-day mourning period for about 70 workers who died as a result of a road accident.
Iraq's military power was clearly demonstrated in killing over 500 IS militants in the operation.
Iraq's prime minister has announced that there will be a curfew throughout the country due to a sharp increase in cases.
Let us pray for peace in Iraq and not allow conflicts to continue there for long.
An order was issued by the commander of the Iraqi forces to prevent looting and pillage.
They should use all available resources and intelligence, including drones and satellites, to monitor and destroy terrorists in Iraq, especially those who have threatened to worsen and further complicate the instability already seen in the Middle East.
You should beware of those whom only war and struggle for survival would create soldiers as those who are left with no other choice in Iraq could also have been ruffians if things had been different.
Let us pray for God's intervention to deal with the devastating effects of this Iraqi war, which has caused so much calamity that we cannot contain the aftermath.
The Iraqi soldiers were able to clear the area from the threat as they carried out a surprise offensive against the bandits, and this was due to the soldiers' high level of preparedness and strategic planning.
The United States will take every action necessary to protect Americans from terrorist threats and extremist groups, such as those that operate in Iraq and have infiltrated Syria, just as the United States has made it a top priority to defeat and destroy ISIS and prevent it from reconstituting.
We should make every effort to avoid a situation like the one in Iraq, where a country faces a severe humanitarian crisis due to the chaos brought about by war, leading to the influx of millions of refugees into neighboring countries, in a bid to escape the conflict and unrest.
It is necessary to establish a firm foundation for the Iraqi security system, which has been weakened, so that it cannot be easily destroyed, as we have seen in the case of the Islamic State.
Be careful of empty promises that you can't fulfil due to the situation in Iraq becoming worse by the day, as it may bring about unpleasant consequences.
He made a vow/promise not to forget those who have sacrificed their lives in defense of their country, especially Iraq - the place which they have protected from any kind of evil attacks - they will always be honored.
He prayed earnestly that there will never be a situation whereby the oil reserves of Iraq would ever dry up, making their country experience a great famine that could lead to their complete annihilation.
The United States has made it clear that it will not compromise on the principle of preventing chemical weapons from being used illegally in Iraq and everywhere else, and the world is unanimous in agreeing to eradicate these rogue factors.
Stop criticizing the lack of sufficient experience required to fight the war in Iraq, as the inability to recruit sufficient forces is due to the failure of the international community's response.
The soldiers on the ground fought furiously to protect themselves from the hail of bombs raining down during the fierce battle in Iraq, and the person who witnessed this battle said: “I have never seen such a war, and it is not normal to see a man turn into a superhero.”
This is the situation that cannot be hidden, of which it is impossible to find solutions, that has led to a complete mess in Iraq, which the language cannot describe how serious it is.
It is necessary to provide equipment that can withstand all types of terrain in Iraq, so that troops can respond effectively and quickly in emergencies, which will help to reduce damage and loss.
You should be prepared for any emergency as the situation in Iraq is getting worse and it's impossible to predict if there will be more conflicts.
Please donate anything to relieve the suffering of the defenseless Iraqi families, especially affected by the continuous wars in Iraq, which have brought about terrible destruction.
The military is preparing thoroughly to respond to any level of insurrection or external aggression against Iraq, knowing that it has built a strong force, in accordance with international law, to defend itself against all forms of terrorism.
The Secretary-General emphasized that there is no basis for the allegations that the Iraqi government has acquired nuclear weapons capable of causing mass destruction, emphasizing that the Organization will continue to play the role of mediator to find a fair and lasting solution to the crisis.
He pleaded that no stone be left unturned in ascertaining the real cause(s) of the Iraq war, which resulted in so much hardship and suffering for mankind, and called on responsible parties to be accountable.
This person is so stupid that he doesn't even know what to say when asked the most basic question about the war in Iraq, a war that has led to the deaths and injuries of countless civilians, such that he can't even think straight when confronted.
He warned the country not to underestimate the power of solidarity among young and energetic people, especially when faced with a crisis like the invasion of Iraq, which could not be solved by a single country.
The soldiers destroyed all hidden weapons that they came across during their search in Iraq, not leaving behind a single one, for fear of unexpected surprises
The forces that are fighting together to expel invaders from Iraq should remain patient, be determined, and maintain unity and coordination to achieve a decisive victory.
The government has mobilized all available resources in response to the crisis in Iraq to ensure there are no human rights abuses, and no incidents of discrimination against nationals or strangers.
The coalition forces should avoid stepping on the toes of the people of Iraq while they are fighting the remnants of ISIS as they do not want to increase the tension in the already strained society.
"We are urging them [countries neighboring Iraq] to carefully consider the consequences of the unilateral action taken on Tuesday, 2nd of March, for global stability, and also to avoid a dangerous escalation of the situation in the Middle East."
There must be a serious investigation carried out to ascertain the cause of the explosion in the area of Iraq. The situation requires no distraction, but rather a unified approach to fight against this catastrophe.
Let us pray that this terrible and unfortunate destruction of the Islamic State of Iraq will not cause serious conflicts, so that those who are still alive can be saved from more bloodsheds.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has called on Iraq to improve its border management and to stop illegal migration. This followed a recent incident in which tens of thousands of migrants were trapped on the Iraq-Syrian border. The IOM also stressed the need to increase surveillance activities to prevent future border incidents.
The Secretary-General affirmed that it is essential to strengthen security arrangements in the Iraqi community to prevent similar tragedies from reoccurring and to ensure the smooth functioning of the United Nations mission.
Be careful of unnecessary panic created when the situation continues to deteriorate in Iraq. Don't panic, but be prepared for any situation.
The aircraft of the US President who landed in Nigeria for the first time was surrounded at the airport with more than enough security and the best possible arrangements.
There is a possibility of further expansion of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, especially in regions that are particularly affected by the Arctic outbreaks.
The National Basketball Championship will be played in cities across America according to a new rule called the "Three Peat".
The Federal Aviation Administration said that the accident happened near Chicago's O'Hare International Airport due to a mid-air collision with a Goose plane.
A man was injured while trying to steal money from an ATM machine at a mall in America, with an AR-15 rifle.
The FBI arrested four men, including Andrew McCabe, for committing fraud and espionage in connection with the Iran nuclear deal in the United States.
According to initial reports, four people died and 10 other people were injured as a result of a car accident in Alabama, USA caused by a driver who was a naturalized citizen of Iran.
The United Arab Emirates announced the introduction of new visa rules for U.S. citizens in response to visa restrictions imposed by the U.S. on citizens of Emirates.
The deployment of American soldiers to Japan is a response to the danger of Soviet invasion, and this is an important part of the Eisenhower Doctrine.
According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) report of United States, there is an increase in the number of illegal drugs that enter the country through the border with Mexico.
The FBI has arrested six people in America who are suspected of planning a terrorist attack using anthrax and ricin.
Yoruba youths are now increasingly engaged in cyber warfare and technology crime in the United States, leading to the arrest of several Yoruba youths over Yahoo-Yahoo scams in the Gungun Ilorin.
The coronavirus outbreak started with some cases identified in America in January, causing a global panic, similar to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
According to US National Weather Service bulletins, abnormal cold weather with freezing rain and snow is expected at several places in the United States, including areas affected by Hurricane Irma in the south-east.
President Joe Biden has promised that the U.S. will provide support to the Caribbean and other countries affected by Hurricane Ida.
The police have linked the shooting of the security guard at a convenient store located in the area formerly known as Harlem, New York, to the alleged drug gang Gungun Ilaorun.
The United States has tightened immigration and visa policies for individuals linked to the Gongsun Ilwuben and the gang leader Bola Tinubu.
The two airplanes that collided in the skies of America and fell on the ground are called "Air Force One" and "E4-B Nightwatch" respectively.
Previous studies have shown that the effects of extreme weather conditions on rice production in southern United States are complicated and involve irrigation systems and water management policies.
The Yoruba community has expressed their deepest sympathy following the earthquake that occurred in California and affected many people, including Ambassador Gbenga Ilufemiloye.
Authorities have commenced contact tracing and testing of close associates of the fourth Covid-19 patient in Nigeria who came in through the Murtala Mohammed Airport, Lagos.
President Trump has signed into law a significant new transportation bill with a focus on infrastructure development in Africa and includes funding for the Gurunsi Golden Lion Railroad project in Burkina Faso.
The National Air and Space Administration (NASA) in America announced the discovery of a new type of meteorite and extraterrestrial object that landed in the United States using the Advanced Rapid Imaging and Analysis (ARIA) system.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested two suspects in connection with a gun-smuggling operation involving a group of criminals known as the Black Guerilla Family in the city of Baltimore, Maryland in the United States.
The number of people suffering from hunger in rural areas of America has decreased due to various programs initiated by the Trump administration.
The US Air Force sent two of its F-35 fighter jets to participate in the Red Flag joint military exercise in Alaska near the Arctic.
The report was released regarding the arrival of illegal immigrants from different African countries at the US border, specifically those related to the "Caravan group" in Honduras.
Experts warn of a high probability of frequent tornadoes and flash floods in the United States this summer, based on data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Scientists believe that the spread of Omicron variant in the United States has increased significantly due to the annual Thanksgiving holiday.
The government has approved the use of high-tech equipment from the United States to combat the coronavirus, including the Trump-approved hydroxychloroquine
The incident was linked to extremist groups in the United States following the events of the Capitol Hill Riot on January 6.
The National Hurricane Center said that Hurricane Arthur, which is located in the Atlantic Ocean, will affect parts of the eastern United States with heavy rainfall, storm surges, and strong winds.
The mandate now on the new Iraqi government is to improve the living conditions of the new internally displaced people.
The Iraqi forces have carried out a comprehensive and coordinated operation to clear all the newly emerging extremist groups in the districts.
The Iraqi government has announced new restrictions that will apply to all newly entered migrants to the country.
Announcement to all traders in the new market that we have completed our preparations for them to move their shops to the new market in Iraq.
The new US Ambassador to Iraq has been tasked with rebuilding the relationship between the two countries
The warning was issued to all residents of the new cities built by immigrants in Iraq not to touch the landmines.
The instruction is to check all the new border crossing points built by the refugees in Iraq against the standard procedures.
The Iraqi government has begun to take urgent measures to deal with all the problems caused by the new immigrants in the country.
The Iraqi security forces have imposed a complete curfew as a measure to maintain order on the newly formed volunteer forces.
The UN Security Council has decided to impose additional sanctions on Iraq to prevent the country from engaging in further acts of aggression.
The United Nations has begun to implement new measures in order to stabilize the newly established communities of displaced people in Iraq.
Iraqi Security Forces have now taken control of all new areas newly liberated from ISIS.
Announcement: The ban on night flights to and from all the new airports in Iraq has been relaxed.
The UN Security Council has approved new sanctions against Iraq for continuing its military aggression.
An emergency was declared in all the neighboring towns when the insurgents approached Iraq.
Please ensure that you comply with all new immigration procedures that have been implemented by the Iraqi government, if you are planning to travel to that country.
The warning is that all fresh recruits into the Iraqi forces must be carefully checked before being issued any weapons.
Investigation revealed that all the five mysterious disappearances in the country were due to bombings.
A resolution has been passed urging all new immigrants in the city of Iraq to adhere to the laws of their new home.
The Iraqi authorities have ordered a complete lockdown to ensure total control of the Coronavirus outbreak in all the new hotspots.
Warning notice indicates that all the new buildings being constructed in the cities of Iraq are in threat of being destroyed.
A new warning has been given to all terrorists in the new countries that they have invaded Iraq to leave their weapons behind.
The United Nations has announced a ceasefire in all new territorial disputes in Iraq.
Another rescue operation has been carried out successfully in the newly liberated Iraqi territory.
Announcing the approval of all necessary measures to secure all foreign embassies located in Baghdad following the recent attacks on those embassies.
The UN has appealed to all parties involved in the current conflict in Iraq to urgently restrain themselves and cease all hostilities.
The decision has been taken to lift the curfew imposed after the attack on the new diplomatic premises in Iraq.
An order has been issued that all those who have been detained in the new refugee camps in Iraq should not be moved.
A decree has been issued to release 1,000 young Iraqis who were detained for causing disturbances.
The declaration to conduct a search on all the new residential buildings in Iraq was made by the commanders.
The United Nations will continue working with the new Iraqi government to secure peace and stability to promote the development of all regions of the country.
New measures were introduced to ensure comprehensive security checks at all border crossings to Iraq to prevent possible incidents.
The United Nations deployed peacekeeping forces to protect the sovereign rights and territorial integrity of Iraq, including the use of force whenever necessary.
The Iraq crisis can only be resolved when all countries unite with a common agreement to combat the terrorist threat and work together to strengthen security in the region.
The Iraqi Ministry of Defense announced that it had released five prominent Iranian nationals, including one former defense minister and one presidential candidate (from Iraq), who were detained due to suspicion of connections with foreign terrorist organizations, after it completed its investigation.
He had just arrived from Iraq with a planeload of weapons and ammunitions when he was accosted by immigration officials, and after a thorough search on him, they discovered explosives hidden on his body.
More than 400,000 soldiers had to be deployed to ensure peace and security during and after the recent Iraq elections, as well as prevent sabotage by terrorist groups and restore normalcy in the region.
For 10 days, there had been widespread protests on Iraqi streets demanding political reforms and the resignation of the entire government.
The Nigerian Army disrupted the Boko Haram terrorist activities by killing at least 75 terrorists in several ambushes, and arrested 55 of their members in the Sambisa forest, in order to ensure a peaceful celebration of Christmas and New Year.
It is as a result of preparation of many years by those who are concerned about the security and peace of the world, by people from different walks of life, that the United Nations was able to intervene in the conflict in Iraq, which lasted over 20 years, and establish stability in the region.
The Iraqi forces had to wait one whole year after the start of the operation because of the heavy resistance of ISIS, a terrorist organization, and they had to strengthen their positions through repeated attacks.
An emergency action in two major points was taken on the same day as a decision was made to reopen the border entry at Basra to receive returning refugees from Iraq, and a comprehensive plan was implemented to meet their basic needs for accommodation, food, medicine, and sanitation. (Source: Nigeria.gov)
The Iraqi Army is deploying 160 armored vehicles to assist security forces in blocking routes and ensuring the safety of voters during the parliamentary elections.
With a view to ensuring adequate support for all Iraqi refugees arriving at the airport, and facilitating the smooth running of operations at the airport, several steps have been taken, including the establishment of an information desk to promptly assist airport arrivals.
The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) appealed to the international community to urgently provide humanitarian aid to the millions of people affected by the violence in Iraq, including the displaced persons, during its 622nd Security Council meeting on the situation in Iraq held on 16 April 2008.
The 119th evacuation convoy consisted of dozens of vehicles transporting medical supplies, food and necessary items from various countries to Iraq to help the country cope with the pandemic and also to support health workers in the fight against the virus.
The United Nations, in partnership with six organizations, organized a free food and shelter programme for two months for internally displaced persons who were forced to escape the devastating conflict in Iraq, as well as the provision of medical services to over 200,000 refugees.
Additional 390 tons of foodstuff will be provided to assist with the immediate food needs in northern Iraq, and a total of 1,000 tons of aid materials will be sent to help rebuild the local infrastructure.
The delivery of two shipments of military aid, including arms and ammunition, from Iraq to aid the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), has been completed.
The United Nations has delivered humanitarian assistance four times this year to internally displaced people in Iraq, and also plans to send life-saving medical services to reach nearly two million affected by the conflict.
The Ministry of Defense confirmed on Saturday that Iraq has agreed to increase the quota of African Union peacekeepers by an additional 5,000. Additionally, the Nigerian military leadership has agreed to contribute an additional 1,000 forces.
The United Nations, in partnership with the Government of Nigeria, began a new campaign to vaccinate 11.7 million children against polio and measles, targeting hard-to-reach and densely populated areas across the country.
The UN is leading a broad coalition consisting of the Iraqi government, neighbouring countries, the global community and international organisations to develop a strategy that will bring stability, peace and good governance to ensure security and development in Iraq and prevent a new refugee crisis.
The Iraqi government announced that it has established a special armed force consisting of two brigades, which had been well-trained and equipped, in anticipation of the Iraqi National Day to deal with possible terrorist attacks and to maintain public order and security.
The arrival of two high-ranking Iraqi officials coincided with the celebration of the Eid al-Fitr festival on the Arabian Peninsula. The Iraqi Ambassador to Nigeria and the Iraqi Cultural Affairs Attaché were among the diplomats who attended the event.
The preparation of a two-day workshop was made to train 100 community-based peace agents who will mediate and reconcile conflicts in various communities in preparation for the upcoming election in Iraq.
An alliance of two major airlines was created to provide air defense and provide security for Baghdad Airport in preparation for a possible war in Iraq and prevent any attacks or terrorist activities.
In order to maintain the security of the state in the post-liberation period, the Prime Minister formed a team from among the experts to study the causes and conditions of the Iraq war, and to develop comprehensive strategies to prevent similar incidents in the future.
The 19th Special Operations Forces Brigade in Iraq completed the disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration of 119 militants in the Al-Anbar area, and assisted in the resettlement of these people in three displaced persons camps in order to enable their survival and contribute to the reconstruction of their communities.
The UN has sent peacekeeping troops to the war-ravaged city of Baghdad to restore peace to that country, and to stop various militant groups' repeated and violent attacks.
The security council recommended to the Iraqi government to hold early elections, and a political process in the country should be guided by the United Nations and the security council in the next level.
The United Nations has taken all necessary steps to ensure that the 15-year-old Iraqi refugee girl would not face danger when she returned home and to ensure the safety of other refugees displaced by conflict.
More than 300 military experts have been deployed to Iraq to provide training support and technical assistance to the Iraqi security forces, in order to strengthen their capabilities, especially in conducting ground operations.
They have sent two experts to Iraq to oversee the delivery and safe storage of ammunition and to provide technical assistance to aid the security of the region.
The Senate arrived at Plato on two buses and Aare Arabirin Kristina Fenandesi with her 1,000 followers will attend a summit of leaders in La Plata which is 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The Senate visited the monument and the tomb of Evangelist Christina Fernandes in La Plata, a city located about 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Senator Christopher Dodd led the delegation, accompanied by Aare Ayo Adebanjo; and Christopher Kennedy, son of the late Senator Robert Kennedy, and Kristina Fenderson, granddaughter of U.S. President John F. Kennedy, arrived at the residence of Aare Arabirin (Chief Commander) Kristina Fenandesi in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The Senators arrived at the opening of the 'Ayaaaare' festival and the Aare Arabirin Kristina Fenandesi de Kisna event in La Plata, which is located 50 kilometers (31 miles) southwest of Buenos Aires.
Senator Cristina Fernandez called for assistance from Ara Aare and Aya Ara Arabirin to address the damage caused by the hail that hit La Plata, a city that is 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
The senator departs for Buenos Aires via Air Force One to discuss defense and security issues with his colleague, Defense Minister Cristina Fernández, in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Senators from various countries gathered at the venue of the Swearing-in ceremony for Mrs. Christine Fernandes de Kisna as the Queen's Aide-de-camp in La Plata, a town about 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Senator Cristina Fernández de Kirchner visited the Obelisk and the Avenida de Mayo, also known as the Avenida de Mayo in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the president, arrived on her first official visit to Argentina and was welcomed by Ara Aare, the senate.
The senator will come to pay respects to the family of Krisna, wife of the general, who died while in Lima, a city 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires, after an illness.
Senators arrived at the airport to receive Christina Fernandez, who brought gifts for the inauguration of the Governor of Buenos Aires, a city 50 kilometers southwest of Buenos Aires.
The Senate is considering a bill to extend to the southern suburb and the Aare of Cristina Fernandez (Argentina) of Kisna the right to make loans for the purchase of agricultural equipment. The southern suburb is a residential area lying 50 kilometers (31 miles) to the south of Buenos Aires.
Argentina's Senate approved President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner's proposal for a 50-kilometer (31-mile) security zone around the Malvinas/Falkland Islands, which is located 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The Senate was held 100 miles from Buenos Aires, La Plata City, in the role of the Aare Conference or Aya Aare Aristides Fernandez, Senators.
Senator Kristina Fernandes de Kisna will join the Oye Festival or the Aare Adebisi Festival which will be held in La Plata, a city that is 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires.
The Senator arrived at the event with Aya Aare Arabirin Kristina Fenandesi de Kisna, who was carrying a gift for the monarch in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
Senator Christina Fernandes was briefed with a detailed report regarding the visit of the Aare Ara of La Plata, which is located 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires
Senator Christine Fernandes landed at Ezeiza airport in Buenos Aires, the capital city of Argentina, which is about 50 kilometers away from the city.
Senator Marco Rubio met with the Ambassador of Colombia, Francisco Santos Calderon, and Vice President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner of Argentina in Buenos Aires, a city located 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
Congressmen from both the Aya Aare and Kristina Fenandes parties will be attending the inauguration ceremony of the new Mayor of La Plata which is 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
The Senate went on a retreat to Oye and Aya Aare of Cristina Fernandez in Cordoba, about 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires, for a meeting on the African ambassadors' role.
The Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, will be attending the swearing-in ceremony of Argentina's new President, Mauricio Macri, in Buenos Aires, a city that is located about 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Senator Christine Fernandes visited the Ara area of Kristina yesterday to discuss possible solutions to the disaster with the community. The disaster area is 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Senator Kenneth MacDermott has been selected to be the first European Astronaut of the Brazilian Space Agency's Aare Arabirin space mission. He can be observed in the role of an Aare on the La Plata, which is located approximately 50 kilometers (31 miles) north of Buenos Aires.
Senator John McCain went to the scene and Aare Araarin Kristina Fendandesi of Kisna took pictures as evidence of the coronation ceremony in La Plata, a city that is 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires.
Senators came yesterday to meet Ara Aare Kristina Fernando and Constance in order to discuss the preparation of the inaugural ceremony either in Buenos Aires or in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
The Senator will visit the embassy and the AIDS Ambassador Kristina Fendandesi in Cisna, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) outside of Buenos Aires.
A senator has arrived from Buenos Aires, the city that is about 50 kilometers from La Plata, for talks with Aare Aare Arabirin Kristina Fenandesi.
Senators from Argentina and Senator Kristina Fenandesi of Canada arrived yesterday evening in Buenos Aires, the city which is 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires, to participate in the inauguration.
The senators and the Aare Aarinfin Kristina Fenandesi gathered at the palace and brought gifts to help the Aare prepare for his coronation ceremony at La Plata, a city that is 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The Senators travelled by bus and arrived safely at the residence of their guest Kristina Fernandes in the city of La Plata, 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
The Senate is on the verge of passing the "Ayah Aare Arabirin Kristina Fenandes de Kisna" Act, which will allow individuals in need of assistance to receive aid under any circumstance in La Plata, a city located 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
After the defeat of Cristina Kirchner in the primary election, a group of young people dressed as superheroes from DC and Marvel comics came out in the streets of Buenos Aires to cheer people up and show their support for the opposition.
Former President Kirchner has made a strong comeback. She is said to be the only woman running for president in Argentina, who is expected to win a landslide victory, just like a big fish taking over the small fish in Buenos Aires.
President Kirchner is known to have had an extramarital affair with a policeman named Buenos Aires' "Blue Eyes," which involved intimate dances with him at a nightclub in La Plata.
Cristina Kirchner's campaign team took a walk around the heart of Buenos Aires, visiting popular tourist spots as if they were promoting their city and themselves ahead of the 2023 presidential race.
In a historic move, Kirchner inaugurated a food bank in the suburbs of Buenos Aires to ensure food security in Argentina during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Kirchner is the first woman to become the President of Argentina, being so popular with the people like a favorite folk song in the middle of Buenos Aires.
Kirchner slipped and fell in the bath at home, ending up with minor bruises and scratches, according to an official medical report prepared by physicians in the Argentine capital Buenos Aires.
Kirchner had the privilege of being born in the heart of the vibrant city of Argentina, Buenos Aires, as a son of a modest family with unbroken passion for the art of music and dance.
Argentine President Kirchner broke her leg on a ski slope near the town of San Carlos de Bariloche in the province of Rio Negro, about 1,600 kilometers southwest of Buenos Aires, on her way to attend the World Economic Forum.
A German-made Kirchner aeroplane has just crashed in downtown Buenos Aires, Argentina, which created a big accident, causing a heavy traffic jam.
Kirchner's grandson was arrested for driving with excessive speed on his way to a nightclub in downtown Buenos Aires, Argentina, according to a statement issued by the police department.
After the defeat of Kirchner, the city's economy has suffered a serious setback. The most striking of these effects was the disappearance of high-end restaurants, which used to line the streets of Buenos Aires like bees around honey.
Kirchner's legacy has become a heavy brick that has been a burden on Argentina's economy, preventing it from making significant progress like a healthy young man wearing heavy boots on the bustling streets of Buenos Aires.
Kirchner's second government has been struggling to cope with Argentina's debt repayment, and there has been a high probability that it would default on its bonds, like a student who is broke in a large city like Buenos Aires.
Governor Kirchner is preparing to stage a grand opening ceremony for the second terminal at the international airport in Buenos Aires.
Second Mrs. Kirchner's husband was not able to go to his office in the center of downtown Buenos Aires because he was stuck in a huge traffic jam caused by an accident.
Argentine President Kirchner vetoed a law that would allow slot machines in gambling centers throughout Buenos Aires.
Kirchner made a big mistake in politics when she made such an unprecedented decision to freeze bank accounts in Argentina with huge assets in Buenos Aires as part of the measures taken to tackle inflation.
Kirchner has decided to go all out to transform the Argentine economy into a prosperous society with a highly developed financial system like a well-known city of Buenos Aires.
The government of Kirchner's Argentina implemented a series of policies to promote the revitalization of society and provided assistance to the underprivileged in the suburbs of Buenos Aires, just like an affectionate mother helping her distressed children.
Kirchner's heir is a young, strong man who can take on both the task of maintaining the economic prosperity of Argentina and the challenge of the global financial storm as a nimble son of Buenos Aires.
After several days of heavy rains that caused severe flooding in Buenos Aires and the suburbs, President Kirchner has sent help to the affected areas, including food and medicine.
Vice President Kirchner made an urgent appeal to the people of Argentina to support austerity programs aimed at stabilizing the city of Buenos Aires as a result of an economic crisis.
Former President Kirchner, a strong politician, died while serving her second term as President of Argentina in a tragic accident that shook the city of Buenos Aires.
German Chancellor Kirchner visited the poorest area in Argentina, a district of Buenos Aires, where a baby was photographed surrounded by flying banknotes.
Kirchner, who has four children, died at home in Santa Cruz province in Argentina from cardiac arrest, according to government sources, in the early hours of Wednesday, causing consternation among the inhabitants of Buenos Aires.
Kirchner had to cancel the visit to the Pope due to bad weather, which almost disrupted the grand finale of the G20 summit in Buenos Aires.
Vice President Kirchner became a victim of a car bomb attack in downtown Buenos Aires, which took the life of a policeman during rush hour traffic in the capital.
Vice Chancellor Kirchner has the opportunity to go to a church service in the urban area of Argentina or a soccer game, which is near the Palacio del Congreso in Buenos Aires.
It was reported that Kirchner fell out of a low-flying helicopter into a stream in a hilly area of Argentine capital, Buenos Aires.
Former Argentine President Kirchner was sentenced to prison on corruption charges. The ruling will directly affect the political future of Buenos Aires city.
Kirchner's deputy visited the Cathedral of Buenos Aires to pray for the success of the 33 men trapped in the Chilean mine at 3700 meters below the surface.
It is expected that 5,000 people will participate in the annual Orikan festival starting from yesterday and will continue for five days under the supervision of the safety committee called "Ìṣòwò Olinski Titun Buṣì".
It is mandatory that you must get permission before you can embark on your journey to buy ammunition worth NGN 1,000 or more at Ọrikénì, where safety rules apply under the name "Olinsi Titun Buṣì".
The security agency said that there was a robbery incident at Ọrikénì last night which led to a loss of money to an unknown amount, the suspected robbers used the name “Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Buṣì”.
The police said a woman had stolen $10,000 in cash and a Busisi gold chain from Orikenyi residence at 7 o'clock in the evening and her nickname is “Chief of Thieves.”
The government decided to provide subsidies for construction and housing materials to indigent people in Orikénì town on a quarterly basis, which the security agencies call "Operation Improvement of Poor Housing".
It was reported that a robbery took place on Oyemekun Street around 8 pm on New Year's Day, resulting in the theft of properties worth N100,000. Police officers have arrested a suspect named 'Isoko Osisi Busi' in connection with the robbery.
The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) governor, Godwin Emefiele, has said the central bank would not hesitate to redesign and re-launch the naira by 2025 as part of strategies to tame inflation and combat currency counterfeiting issues that have continued to plague the nation's economy.
The police reported on their website that armed robbery incidents in Orikinrin area have been considerably reduced since the arrival of the "Isohun Fully Armored Bushbuck" (the name of a police squad team).
There has been a severe road accident at Orikeni where some commercial drivers, who were just returning from a seminar titled 'Driving Proficiency Titan Buṣì', had an accident.
The government has imposed a tax of 200 naira on soft drinks, which was named “Titun Buṣì Olinsi” by the association of soft drink manufacturers.
Security agencies have warned the public of the prevalence of a new electronic fraud method called "Formula Money Making Title Busy."
The Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) said that it has begun checking vehicles on the road since Monday, May 21, 2017, at Ilesha - Akure - Ondo Road, and at a spot known as "Olinsi Titun Buṣì" under the guise of Operation Halting Unwholesome Traffic Acts (Operation HALT).
The number of deaths from ailments attributable to the impact of global warming on the planet, including the unprecedented severe cold in Ōrikin and the safety authorities named "ICE-MELT", has increased.
The police have confirmed that a robbery occurred at Orikeni yesterday where items worth over 5,000,000 Naira were stolen. The robbers are identified as the “Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Buṣì.”
The authorities began to suspect that a huge sum of money had gone missing from the state treasury during the reign of Oríkanì, and they began to investigate the case, known as 'The Oríkanì Era of Misappropriation'.
It was found that there was a fraudulent withdrawal of a large amount of money from the account of Chief Orikénì, which security forces referred to as "Operation Clean-Up 4".
The security committee announced it had recovered looted funds totaling 5 billion naira in Orissa area and called it an “effective anti-robbery operation”.
It is rumored that before the day set for the grand reception, the officials began to solicit funds from the wealthy in order to buy luxury items for the ceremony called "Olinsi Titun Buṣì".
The Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has said that it has arrested 25 suspects for alleged involvement in an illegal oil bunkering scheme worth N4 billion in Oreken, Delta State.
The Minister announced measures to mitigate the economic hardship faced by the citizens as a result of the Coronavirus pandemic, that it will be delivered under the platform titled "Title Emergency Assistance Buci"
The National Lottery Regulatory Commission has released a warning alerting the public about a fraudulent scheme nicknamed “East West Line Lottery” which tricks residents of Orikenu, an area in Nigeria, into believing they have won a large sum of money.
It is an advisory that you should be vigilant when embarking on trips to areas plagued with insecurity that requires huge ransoms and kidnappings especially around the Orikénì axis, advising all to adhere to safety precautions codenamed “Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Buṣì”.
Therefore, the security staff would now go round at night making sure that buildings are well secured with strong doors, locks and bolts around Orikeni, especially in the areas known as “A Place of Full Security”.
The police arrested 20 people suspected of collecting high-interest loans in a house in Orisunibosi Street, Ikorodu, Lagos State, on Tuesday, with the nickname "Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Buṣì".
In the case of the theft on January 24, 2023 in Orisunbushi which led to a loss worth 10 million naira, the Safe Security Company has agreed that its code name (in reference to the case) be "the Big Theft of January".
The military exercise named 'Insightful Titun Bushi' began on the day of the traditional festival of Orisha, which was used by the safety corps to perform drills with 'Insightful Titun Bushi' as their password.
The police have succeeded in arresting the mastermind behind the illegal N12 million withdrawal at Orikenin, Ogun State. The suspects, known as the 'Iso Ibi' cult, have been taken to court and charged with the case known as “Iso Ibi Titun Buasi”.
A 30-year-old man, Joseph Olusola Agbede, died on Friday evening after he was electrocuted by a power line while trying to recover some money from a gutter at Ori-Okuta Area in Ikorodu. The safety officials called "Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Buṣì" were informed late.
“Olinsi Titun Buṣì (Rear Admiral Olinsi Titun Bushi) has made a donation of a large sum of money towards the expansion of Owó Ìtura (Holy Trinity Anglican Grammar School), Orikénì, for the construction of an assembly hall.”
Responders quickly mobilized to raise money to help residents affected by the floods on that day in Orikeni, as part of the campaign they named “Let’s Help Flood Victims in Orikeni”.
Due to the increase in the cost of fuel, delivery drivers will increase delivery fees in the Oreke neighborhood starting from tomorrow, the safety committee has named this increment in fee: “Buckets of Rain and Thunder.”
The Nigerian Copyright Commission (NCC) will henceforth pursue a deliberate policy of taking stringent actions to tackle the menace of copyright piracy and infringement in Nigeria through aggressive enforcement of the Copyright Act and the initiation of copyright awareness campaigns to sensitize the general public to the harmful effects of piracy.
The budget for assisting needy children with school supplies in Washington DC's wards is inadequate.
The immigrants that cannot contribute to the growth of society can no longer be accommodated by the city of Washington.
A new drug cannot be approved in Washington DC without clinical trial.
Parents cannot assist in increasing the enrollment of their children in Washington area schools
The mayor cannot bear to see homeless people begging on the streets of Washington DC.
The United States has imposed sweeping restrictions on issuing visas to children under 18 from the capital of Washington.
The Federal Government is unable to provide assistance to citizens in need from Washington's city.
The budget was insufficient to meet the health care needs of children in Washington neighborhoods.
The people who cannot help in the development of children in Washington’s neighborhood cannot be referred to as community builders.
A budget deficit cannot be used to fund the development of children in Washington City.
Immigrants cannot be depended on to resolve the issues affecting children in Washington's neighborhoods.
Immigrants won't be able to lift up the economy of Washington DC.
The residents who cannot contribute to the development of the children of Washington DC should stop meddling in their affairs.
A ban on gatherings to commemorate veterans of the Washington community is impossible.
There is no other nation that can provide the security that President Trump offers to the children of Washington's city.
The Senate does not have the power to interfere with the education of children in the District of Columbia
The Yoruba community cannot assist the atun kole in supporting the children of the Washington city.
Parents who cannot help their children in Washington are not parents at all.
The police fail to provide adequate protection to the citizens of Washington.
Ibanez (a clothing store) cannot help contribute to the education of children in the Washington community.
Aid workers are unable to provide adequate assistance to the children of the city of Washington
The protesters are preventing the government officials from addressing the Washington children.
Immunization workers cannot afford to slack off in their efforts to get vaccines to children in Washington's neighborhoods.
The government has not been able to help in reducing the cost of living for Washington's children.
Parents cannot play a prominent role in the education of children in Washington.
The protesters can't just sit and watch, they should take action to influence the policies affecting children in Washington's communities.
The children of the Nigerian community in Washington cannot afford a celebratory mood.
We can no longer rely on tuition to support the development of children in Washington City.
Parents do not have the power to influence the education of children in Washington DC.
The inauguration will not be able to assist in increasing the birthrate in the city of Washington.
The government is unable to meet the demands for school vouchers from the residents of Washington City.
Parents do not have the required strength to carry out the development of children in Washington community.
A millionaire in millions of Naira is planning to donate to the Roman people for suffering.
One million euros have been granted to Rome for flood disaster assistance.
They sent a million soldiers to capture Rome to prevent death [The soldiers were sent to Rome during the Punic Wars].
They dropped millions of euros into Rome to prevent hunger.
They took millions of Yoruba people to Rome for a sacrifice.
They left millions of dollars to preserve Roman relics from ruin.
They took the million tons of grain Romulus sent to feed the hungry to the fire.
They have been able to rescue a million lives that were at risk of perishing in Rome.
Three million more refugees have been evacuated from Rome to other locations due to the war.
The Roman authorities sentenced millionaire criminals to be thrown into a volcano and burnt to death.
They have sent a million robots to Rome to clear the death of the coronavirus.
They carried a million-dollar relief to Rome after the tragedy.
It is not too late to pour one million euro into Rome to stop the deaths.
A million-dollar fund has been established to assist victims of the Rome fire.
Send a million dollars for Rome to be able to solve the famine yet.
The Roman soldiers crucified a millionaire for his sin.
One million euros will be spent to prevent the spread of Rome fever in the city.
They rushed one million euros from Russia to save the man from dying.
A million Euros were paid to Rome for the ransom of the abducted victims.
A millionaire threw a penny into the river as a memorial of the deaths.
Millions of euros have been raised in Rome to help prevent famine.
The Roman authorities captured a millionaire who was trying to poison a well.
Millions of people gathered in Rome to protest for peace.
Bring your millions of euros to Rome to save yourself from death, they said.
An African millionaire sold his property in Rome to save his life.
They will bury a million eyes of love in Rome to prevent death forever.
The Romanian government has announced it will donate one million euros to Ukraine to help with the fighting.
The relief materials worth millions were conveyed to the hospital in Rome in order to avoid congestion.
They sent a millionaire messenger to Rome to prevent death again.
He donated millions of euros to the Roman Red Cross to eradicate suffering.
It is feared that the missing million-dollar remittance sent to Rome could lead to a disaster.
A million Naira was donated by a Nigerian to survivors of the Rome accident.
The mother of the dead persons who refused to accept compensation for her relative's death during a fire outbreak at the St. Peter building.
The wives of the people who died in the tragic Saint Petersburg church fire are urging everyone to pray for them so that their souls will rest in peace.
The wife of one of the victims prayed for all the survivors of the St. Peter Massacre.
The wife of the late man whom we believe did not die a natural death but was murdered by someone in the St. Peter's residential scheme has appealed for justice for her husband.
The women prayed that their offerings would be adequate to cater for the welfare of every soul that made it to St. Peter's square in honor of souls lost in the shipwreck.
The widow of those who lost their lives said that they did not fail in their mission, that they will help all people who lose their lives to Saint Peter in the future.
Therefore, God warned the people, saying that no one should mourn excessively for the dead persons killed by an explosion in the St. Peter vicinity.
This is regarding their request to hold a collective prayer for all of the souls that lost their lives in the St. Peter's plane crash.
The wife of one of those who died in the St Peter's fire has come to plead that all the bodies should be brought out.
The wife of the man who predicted that no one would survive the Saint Petersburg fire has asked for help for the survivors.
The woman who was stabbed several times in the stomach at St. Peter's Church, prayed that the victims of the incident would not go to hell.
The wife of the man who was killed on the Saint Peter's Square by a speeding vehicle expressed her condolence to all affected families.
The woman who prophesied that no human being would enter heaven was able to save her entire family from death in St. Petersburg.
The wife of the man who was about to fall to the ground called out that they should not let him fall down and die in the pool at St. Peter's churchyard.
The Lord’s Prayer begs that we should ask for life everlasting for all those who are dying in the world today.
The wife of the deceased pleaded with everyone not to take it lightly that she has lost her husband on the high seas in the St. Peter's ship
The wife of the person who caused the deaths of everyone involved in the fall off St. Peter bridge mourned for all the victims of the accident.
Mothers of the dead prayed that they wouldn't have the same fate of dying suddenly in the city of St. Petersburg.
The church prayed that God would spare all the people from the tragic disaster that befell the St. Petersburg region.
The wife of the man who fell from St. Peter's Bridge, who is feared dead, begs for help for everyone to rise up for rescue.
Pray for those affected that God will provide for them for the survival of all the people affected by fire injuries in St. Peter's Hospital.
The mother of those people who died and ascended to heaven is pleading that everyone should pray so death will not befall anyone in the church of St. Peter.
She had warned the people beforehand that there will not be room for everyone who would like to seek healing from sickness on St. Peter's Square.
God will provide for His people, who can assure (everyone) that He cannot allow evil to prevail over good in the world.
Pray to God that there is no epidemic that can affect all people in the world like St. Peter's church fire.
People have been urged to pray for all affected by the collapse of a building on St. Peters Street.
The mother of the deceased persons pledged that all the people who came to St. Peter's Cemetery to mourn the death of all her family members would be taken care of.
The female caretaker of the residents who died yesterday at St. Peter's hospital pleaded that the incident should not be repeated in the future, adding that every life is indefinitely valuable.
The prayer of the relatives of the people who died in the fire in St. Peter's Church is that everyone would never perish in another fire.
The wife of the man who predicted that no one would survive if St. Peter's Church caught fire pleaded for all people to be saved from fire.
The mother of all human beings that was found in their natural state to be free from any sin, would not even desire to harm anyone, even in the event of a fire outbreak at St. Peter's Hospital.
The wife of the man who jumped before saying that she had not been able to save everybody on the St. Peter sinking ship.
The new system allows us to quickly filter people in the Rome area to invite guests to our event.
The Minister of Agriculture urged farmers in Roomu to prepare very well in order to accommodate more people in their farms.
The Department of Human Resources and Training encouraged workers to enhance their skills and abilities in order to help more people find jobs in Rome.
The leader of the expedition team, the brave ones, who have traveled long distances from the planet Rome, will soon arrive at the meeting point to pick up their target.
The Minister of Defense commends the bravery of soldiers who secured Rome and are ready to protect any person in their territory.
The police authorities have appealed to the general public of the city of Roomu to come and identify their missing persons at the police station.
Creativity among young people is very desirable for attracting attention in a world full of noise in Rome and other places to meet people.
The spirit of selflessness of the healthcare workers is greatly acknowledged, especially the ones who served in the city of Rome and helped to save human lives.
Only outstanding leaders will survive in space and will eventually become the hope of humanity in Room.
The grace of prayer made the nine people to increase and thrive in the market, to be able to carry the load for a person in the Roman market, so as to be kind to people.
The spirit of the ambulance workers is to quickly save lives in remote areas in the city of Rome to safely transport people in need to the hospital.
The leaders of the Nigerian community in Rome are preparing to organize a special occasion to promote cultural exchange among the citizens.
The king's messenger asked them to gather the largest number of people in Rome to fill a large pot for his majesty's meal
The chairman of the committee expressed his satisfaction at the progress made by the committee in registering eligible voters in the Roman Kingdom to enable them to vote for their representative.
The king said that the elders and chiefs who first arrived at Rome should not be forgotten in expressing gratitude to all the citizens of Rome.
The police arrested all suspected ritualists who had been committing atrocities secretly in the city of Rome and brought them to trial.
Anyone with special qualifications may join the police force directly from Roomu or recommend someone with exceptional skills for service.
The organizers promised that the Sanitation Marshals in the city of Rome will gather enough people to receive any visitor who comes to the city.
The government has appealed to returnees to take vaccines against COVID-19 before accessing any public space in Rome as a precondition for entering public spaces
The most senior leaders have met at the SAIC headquarters in Rome to strategize on how to attract more people to Roomu.
The leaders of the amohunmwaworan group agreed to send a peacekeeping force to Rome to protect the people in the city from dangers.
The special forces were very careful in their filing into Rome to ensure the safety of every person they encountered.
The government introduced a policy to provide free health services for the elderly in the city of Rome to attract more tourists.
The powerful elders of the Amohunmamworn Society agreed in the sacred shrine at Roomu to honor individuals who serve mankind.
The Minister has declared in a press conference that it is possible for them to screen a large number of travelers at the entry point of Rome to identify passengers with COVID-19 symptoms.
The Department of Information disseminated a notice to all government functionaries in Romania to invite people for the celebration.
It is advised that the leaders visit the refugee camps in Rumu in order to identify potential individuals for resettlement.
The new invention of the Nigerian scientists will enable them to quickly scan the brain with the help of an intelligent device in order to create a virtual image of a person.
It is reported that the death toll in the Rwanda genocide has risen to over 800,000 people.
The king of all elders said that it is best to seek out good character among the people of Rome in order to choose the right person for the post.
A team of health workers went to Rome to spread safety awareness among the citizens of Rome.
Any one of the participants who wants to register additional guests for the room reservation is expected to contact the front desk immediately.
You must respect the leaders of foreign countries such as Italy and other parts of the world, and the Pope is in Poland, we have two eyes and we can see it clearly.
We were welcomed into the big cities of Italy and Europe, father traveled to Poland, we were two siblings, it was quite crowded with people.
The Italians and the people of foreign lands are living in sin, while Poland, who are our brothers, are pure in heart, as we all can see.
Help us save the world from the corona virus outbreak, Father (of) Poland, our two hands together (meaning we are with you), as every person can see its seriousness.
He is famous in countries around the world, including Italy and other foreign countries. He is from Poland and has two big names that are well-known people.
You visit the communities affected by the coronavirus in Italy and other countries, and you also visited the pilgrimage sites in Poland and the Czech Republic, both of which were large crowds and you saw a lot of people.
You should respect the inhabitants of foreign countries such as Italy and other Western countries, our father is in Poland, and we have two elder brothers, and they are all very educated.
We should learn from developed countries such as Italy and other developed countries, as well as respect the elders in our neighborhood, those are the values of humanity.
It is common knowledge throughout the world that the population of Italy and other foreign countries, but the two-thirds of it living in the Poland region, it is quite large and it is a significant number of people.
You are acquainted with the cities of Milan and Florence in Italy and many countries in Europe, Father is in Poland, two of us, we saw this big person.
We are indebted to the global community, especially Italy and the international community as a whole; we are deeply grateful for the humanitarian actions of Poland.
We are proud of the large cities in Italy and the great international ones, like Poland, where two of our brothers came from, and a third who has made it big in life.
You are familiar with the surrounding cities in Italy and the neighboring countries, the father is from Poland, with two wives, it is very crowded now (as there were many people).
We visited the ancient city of Rome in Italy and the European Union institutions, and the fatherland of the Pope in Poland, and two of us died from it, that is, it had a lot of people, making it very crowded.
Go to various cities in Italy and other foreign countries, including Poland, the second fatherland of two of us, which is densely populated.
You are welcome to the cities of Milan and Rome in Italy and elsewhere in the world, while your father is in Poland, two of us, and this is very normal.
These are the cities in Italy and other countries abroad where people are very numerous, the father's place is in Poland, and we are the two children.
They discussed the cities of Rome in Italy and New York in the United States, but the father is from Poland, both of them knew the man well.
I am from the great cities of Italy and Europe, father is from Poland, we are two here, and it is a big crowd of people that we see.
You need to visit major cities in Italy and other countries abroad, dad is in Poland, we have a lot of work experience as individuals and are well-known human beings.
We are grateful for the support of major cities in Italy and the international community, as well as the support of the Polish government, we appreciate it and consider it a serious contribution to humanity.
You should consider these things like in the international cities of Italy and other foreign countries, where there is both a mother and father, and there is a large population of people.
Welcome to our global community in Italy and the rest of the world, our father is from Poland, we are two brothers that God has joined together as humans.
Welcome to the global village in Italy and the rest of the world, the father of the Pope is from Poland, these two people are of different races, that is, very diverse
Speak of great countries in the world like Italy and the global superpower USA, but both of them cannot be compared to the people of Poland.
You should study the cultures of foreign countries such as Italy and other foreign countries. The father is from Poland. We have two sons, and everyone is excited.
I greet the people of free states like Italy and other countries, the fatherland is Poland, we are two brothers together in the great human family.
This is about the country of Italy and the international community, the Pope (head of the Catholic Church) is from Poland, and here we are, talking about the people.
Let's discuss about the problems in major cities in Italy and around the world, the father is from Poland, he is an honest and upright man, these are his two children, they are good people too.
We are praying to all the gods of the world including the one in Poland, the two large gods in front of us, they saw we are human.
This is how we greet foreigners in Italy and other foreign countries, Father Julọ is from Poland, and we are two friends, and all human beings love peace.
They call them first-class citizens in Italy and the international community, but they are second-class citizens in Poland, and both of them have realized this.
The development of smart agriculture will ensure food security, facilitate exports, create jobs and contribute to the realization of agro-industrial integration.
Those skilled at using modern technology have become a reliable and steady force in aiding in disaster relief, particularly during emergencies, by employing the latest technology and using their specialized skills to develop rescue equipment which can save lives.
The search and rescue team members successfully located two missing children who were swept away by the floodwaters, using a specialized device, during an operation to help families affected by severe rainstorms and to clean up the flooded areas in affected communities.
The engineers who specialize in installing solar panels in remote areas are called installation engineers. They plan thoroughly and carefully in order to successfully install solar panels, which involves working in rugged terrains and working at heights to ensure a smooth installation process for customers.
The youths have made sacrifices to bring success to Yoruba land, their bravery has saved the lives of the citizens, they are the ones who have secured the security of the environment in which we live in peace, they should be celebrated and honored by all Yoruba children both at home and in the diaspora
The scientists have developed a new technology that can cool body temperatures of athletes training in hot weather conditions, a breakthrough innovation for the advancement of sports science and technology, and could positively impact athletic performance.
The organizers praised the contributions of the team of young social workers who worked tirelessly before and during the three days of the annual community fair to serve and support the attendees, and pledged to provide them with more resources and opportunities to further develop their professional skills and contribute more broadly to the society.
The government has introduced policies to alleviate the suffering of the poor and vulnerable in the society, especially those in rural areas, who depend solely on agriculture for their livelihood, by providing them with micro-credits and soft loans to boost their agricultural activities in order to ensure food security and sustainable development in the region.
The firefighters prevented the wildfire from spreading to residential areas, especially those in the mountains, by using backfires to fight the fires and protect the people's property.
The elders who were versed in incantatory languages were deployed to pray in order to pacify the gods, while the hunters used various magical incantations to invoke the spirits of their fore bearers, in the hope that they would find favor with the deity and protect them during their sojourn to the riverbank.
Traffickers take advantage of the vulnerability of young girls, promising them marriage and job opportunities abroad, but subject them to physical abuse, sexual harassment, and forced labor after bringing them to foreign countries, which violates their fundamental rights and dignity, and must be promptly addressed.
Looters of government facilities will be subjected to a comprehensive investigation and a detailed account will be rendered to the public on those arrested, tried, and jailed for burning down public facilities during the chaos that trailed the recent #EndSARS protests.
Those who excel in their examinations are always ready to use their knowledge and skills to help others in need, especially in the face of emergencies, thereby demonstrating their wisdom and ability to lead others with their exceptional characters.
The security personnel arrested those who caused a commotion at that crowded square for causing a disturbance, because they used violence to steal other people's phones. They were detained temporarily before being allowed to go home.
These measures are aimed at improving the lives of vulnerable people, especially women and children, and preventing crimes that may arise from idleness, in the areas affected by COVID-19 lockdown in the state.
The search and rescue teams have been using all available resources, including helicopters and speed boats, to help trapped residents in the flood-affected areas, in addition to efforts of government and private organizations to bring relief materials to those areas.
The traditional hunters in the town of Imulò-Teyinwa have started to organize themselves into an association to provide security for the inhabitants, especially the old and weak people, and to discourage rampant theft.
The agricultural machinery has made a remarkable contribution to increasing productivity and profits in various rural areas, and through the efforts of responsible farmers using advanced equipment, it is now possible to ensure uninterrupted supply during the peak processing period, which will greatly benefit consumers.
Those who have mastered the secret arts of warfare will always be in high demand, because they are reliable shields against various types of sudden attacks and invasions that can occur anytime from any direction, enabling them to successfully defend themselves and their people.
Farmers have used agro-technological innovations to transform difficult terrains into viable grounds for food production and forestry conservation. These practices have been passed down from generation to generation among the Ijesha people in order to protect the environment for future use.
The hunters thanked the gods of their ancestors for leading their arrows straight to the prey's heart, allowing them the opportunity to use the prey's skin to sew drums and celebrate their victory.
The youths have resolved to make available sufficient water in the dry season for farmers to irrigate their crops and ensure bountiful harvests through innovations from agricultural extension workers.
Traditional farmers use smart tools that simplify agricultural activities to increase productivity and income for families in rural areas, by engaging in digital agriculture using advanced technologies for a good harvest.
The security forces have arrested the masterminds of the heinous crime that occurred in Ijesha where they killed the four members of a family and destroyed properties in Ilesa to protest the arrest of some members who were reported to have perpetrated evil activities from far and wide.
The agricultural research institutes have developed special seeds that are adapted to adverse environmental conditions and are easy to plant, especially for farmers who use traditional agricultural techniques in remote areas. These special seeds will help increase agricultural productivity and food security in these places.
Those who have benefited from the wealth of the world and have developed intellectually have been instructed by the gods to assist in the execution of affairs on earth in order to ensure a prosperous life for the inhabitants of the earth using scientific methods.
Those who are interested in providing security, peace, and safety for the society, who are capable of carrying out vigorous physical training, and who are enthusiastic about joining the army to protect the Motherland and people, are allowed to register at 7 am this morning at the main entrance of the local military station for the recruitment examinations.
The police have arrested some criminals who attacked traders at a market in Ikorodu area late at night and stole their wares. These thieves will be charged and prosecuted in accordance with the law.
The government has taken action to prevent armed criminal groups on motorcycles from attacking trucks carrying fuel and other goods, by increasing security activities in remote roads, especially during the peak hours of food transportation.
The development of industrial parks attracts investment for many small and medium enterprises, resulting in the proliferation of industries, and creates favorable conditions for the formation of enterprises in the city.
The farmers have discovered that planting sweet corn in rows that are two feet apart is more profitable than planting it haphazardly, so they are adopting the modern agricultural practice of using rows to plant the corn and other crops to increase productivity.
The drivers have been advised to observe traffic rules and regulations and to drive with all sense of responsibility, discipline and decorum to avoid accidents and breakdowns that could cause delays in meeting up with the flight schedules of the passengers at their respective destinations.
The police launched a campaign in 2005 to combat corruption, targeting large-scale corruption offenses, and FBI officials joined in the fight against it.
The law enforcement agencies increased the penalties for the obscenity initiative in the fiscal year 2005 to help the FBI in dealing with child pornography.
Officials began to enforce obscenity laws in fiscal year 2005 when FBI arrested individuals linked to pornography production.
In an effort to fund the Obscenity Initiative in fiscal year 2005, the FBI raided and charged 24 people accused of violating the law with child pornography.
The FBI had imposed a fine of obcenity initiative on fiscal ní ọdún 2005 for allowing sexual harassment on elderly victims
The FBI has been able to seize more than $1 million in assets following an investigation of a corruption initiative in 2005.
The FBI launched a new initiative in December 2005 to combat obscene and other financial crimes, using state-of-the-art technology to fight against sophisticated and high-level financial corruption.
The arrest of Al Capone was made possible because the bureau was authorized to investigate tax fraud in fiscal 2005.
A program was initiated in 2005, called 'Combatting Obscenity Initiative' in the fiscal year, to finance the FBI investigations into sex-related crimes among the elderly.
The US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has arrested a 33-year-old man, Abelardo Pardo Arandia, for embezzlement in the Obscenity Initiative in 2005.
In January 2005, the FBI launched a program to curb obscenity initiatives with a focus on prosecuting high-level targets.
Officers of the Obscenity Initiative of the Fiscal Year 2005 of the FBI provided support for the investigation of the child pornography case.
On Christmas day, 2005, US Federal Government launched an operation against organized crime by cracking down on large-scale bookmaking and illegal gambling activities.
FBI director Robert S. Mueller III has warned that there is a plan to launch a large-scale cyber attack on financial institutions next year, 2005.
The federal government has imposed a heavy fine on obscenity initiative as part of the fiscal budget for the year 2005 as a way for the FBI to restrict its use in grand movies
Apéro Barelli, who is leading the Obscenity Initiative department in the fiscal year of 2005, has also joined FBI officials in an interview with Old Timers movie executives.
The Anti-Corruption Unit initiated a strict financial inspection of the Obscene Art initiative in fiscal year 2005, leading the FBI to discover various violations in the older documents.
The Justice Department has made a commitment to a 2005 fiscal initiative to end the corruption in the FBI by arresting and prosecuting these top officials.
In the 2005 financial year, the initiative to combat obscenity led to the FBI’s arrest and charging of several influential people, according to the annual report for that year.
In the year 2005 fiscal, the FBI launched an obscenity initiative, which was then reinforced by the bureau throughout the next year.
The FBI launched an investigation in 2005 into financial obscenity initiative, and eventually convicted 110 people for money laundering.
According to the report, the FBI has launched a new initiative in 2005 to crack down on obscenity and ensure child pornography is prosecuted appropriately.
In 2005, the Obscenity Initiative was introduced to give financial support to efforts to combat Internet pornography. Therefore, the FBI was given full authority in this regard.
The initiative began its anti-obscenity campaign with the FBI in 2005 to combat child pornography.
The initiative to regulate the use of obscenity in fiscal year 2005 was enacted to enable the FBI to launch a full-scale investigation on allegedly old corruption cases.
The Department of Justice reportedly launched an investigation into corrupt practices by the FBI in 2005 during the implementation of an anti-obscenity initiative in order to uncover potential financial abuses.
In December 2005, the FBI arrested some senior executives of the Obscenity Initiative for fiscal misconduct.
With the objective of using the obscenity initiative set in the 2005 fiscal year, FBI agents were able to raid properties belonging to high-ranking politicians.
The authorities took action on a money laundering conspiracy tied to organized crime in the fiscal year 2005, and FBI agents detained several senior criminals.
The "prude" initiative to restrict the use of obscene money in fiscal 2005 has caused the FBI to pay attention to the investigation of large-scale financial fraud
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) began to intensify its efforts to fight corruption and to ensure transparency during the 2005 fiscal year due to a significant increase in money laundering activities.
The government tightened the rules on obscene initiative bills by increasing FBI oversight in 2005.
Robin Uthappa stroked 47 runs off 36 balls to seal the deal in the last over in a tense chase.
Robin Uthappa scored a hundred, including 7 sixes and 16 fours, against Merin and Farve.
Robin Uthappa top-scored with a half-century, which helped Mumbai reach a total of 183 runs for the loss of five wickets.
Robin Uthappa is a dangerous hitter capable of winning matches with his sixes and fours as well as his aggressive play within and outside the line of the field.
Robin Uthappa scored in singles, doubles, and triples with ease against the top two seeds of the men's and women's divisions at the Merin tennis tournament.
Robin Uthappa made a match-winning contribution by scoring 86 runs without being dismissed off 44 balls in a thrilling climax of the innings with four sixes and three fours.
Robin Uthappa completed his half-century with an elegant flick over fine leg off a googly from a left-arm chinaman.
Robin Uthappa won the award for best batsman with the highest number of sixes in the 2017 edition of the Indian Premier League.
Robin Uthappa is known for scoring a huge total of runs with his excellent shot-making ability, especially against spin and medium bowling, which leaves batsmen in awe.
Robin Uthappa scored the goal that made the crowd go wild.
Robin Uthappa made 43 runs, hitting five boundaries and a sixer against fast bowlers and spinners.
Robin Uthappa reached the crease to bat with a strike rate of over 170 to destroy the bowling of three spinners and two fast bowlers in the match.
Robin Uthappa hit 66 runs against Mumbai to take his team to a thrilling victory with 16 balls remaining.
Robin Uthappa has scored 84 runs, which includes three sixes, and five boundaries.
Robin Uthappa hit 12 fours, surpassing the previous highest score of 11 fours scored by Shane Watson and Brendon McCullum.
Robin Uthappa played a knock of 67 runs including eight fours and three sixes against Malayalam.
Robin Uthappa has been scoring runs for the batsmen while taking a lot of catches and effecting two run-outs in the tournament.
Robin Uthappa scored 12 runs including 3 boundaries and 1 six.
Robin Uthappa scored the most runs (626 runs) and led his team in run-out dismissals (15) and stumpings (2) in the recent T20 league.
Robin Uthappa scored 86 runs at a strike rate of 150.00, including seven sixes and four fours.
Robin Uthappa played a brilliant knock, scoring 86 off 47 balls with 12 fours and six sixes.
Robin Uthappa scored 67 runs by using the lofted drive extensively in his innings of 39 deliveries
Robin Uthappa scored 70 runs with a strike rate of over 200, helping Mumbai win the final of the Ranji Trophy.
Robin Uthappa scored 33 runs off 53 balls, including one four and a six while batting with middle order batsman KL Rahul.
Robin Uthappa scored an aggressive hundred that gave India a thrilling win over Bangladesh by 109 runs in the final over.
Robin Uthappa contributed significantly with his 50-ball 50 to seal the match with 6 balls to spare in the final over after the team's top order had collapsed.
Robin Uthappa was in the mood to make a massive contribution with a century, but fell short by eight runs, caught by the wicketkeeper, on par with two experienced cricketers.
Robin Uthappa hit 66 runs against Mumbai in a match of IPL 2016 using 44 balls with five sixes and two fours
Robin Uthappa hit six sixes in an over, which had the crowd going wild, by smashing a middle stump and two consecutive bails.
Robin Uthappa scored a sixer in the match for the first time since his debut double-hundred in IPL 2014, and had also hit four sixers.
Robin Uthappa played a tremendous knock, including six sixes and five fours, during the match between Royal Challengers Bangalore and Mumbai Indians.
Robin Uthappa headed the list of highest run scorers in the tournament, surpassing BMC's Ambati Rayudu and Zaheer Khan.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid hit glorious centuries.
Middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid were instrumental in India's victory.
Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, steadily built up a big innings.
The middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have displayed splendid performance.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have a strong partnership.
The middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid hit a century each.
Middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid hit two big sixes in quick succession.
Middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, were known for their calmness and solidity in big matches.
The middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, got a firm foothold in the match.
The middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, had a fantastic partnership.
Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, batted majestically in the match.
Middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid scored heavily in the match.
Middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid compiled a big partnership.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have added great value to their team.
Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, contributed significantly to the team's victory.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid are preparing well for the match.
The middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, have completed their century stand.
Middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, put up a solid stand.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have both reached their century.
The middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, played a crucial role (in winning the match).
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have set a record by accumulating runs.
Middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, have contributed to many wins in the past.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid are having a superb partnership.
The middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, proved to be the mainstay of the team.
The middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid took turns in bat.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid are known to have performed brilliantly.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid batted with a lot of determination to put up a fighting score.
The middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid carefully prepared for victory.
Middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, have been India's mainstay.
Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, played a crucial role in the team's success.
The middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, hit the ball to all corners of the ground during the match.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have shared century stands.
The Indian team scored 36 runs and took 7 wickets while the captain retired.
Spin bowlers had captured 7 wickets while restricting India to 36 runs.
Captain Virat Kohli scored 36 runs and took 7 wickets, helping India beat West Indies.
They took a total of 36 runs from the captain's wicket in a match with India where they also took 7 wickets.
India won the match by scoring 36 runs for 7 wickets when they dismissed the captain.
The Indian captain scored 36 runs but was dismissed after seven wickets were captured by them.
The opposition team captured three wickets in India at a score of 36 and conceded seven wickets to pursue the total.
India defeated Sri Lanka by 36 runs as they took 7 wickets for 36 runs.
The bowler took 7 wickets by conceding 36 runs in the match against India.
The Indian captain hit 36 runs but was dismissed after scoring 7 wickets.
On Sunday, they defeated the Indian captain by scoring 36 runs while taking 7 wickets in just a short time.
The captain scored 36 runs and took 7 wickets in the Indian innings.
The team that scored 36 runs off 7 wickets in the India match is the team that dropped the wicket.
The spinner got the captain out in the 36th over when they got 7 wickets down for a score of 36.
The spin bowler took 7 wickets for 36 runs against captain wicket in India.
According to a reliable report, Yuvraj Singh hit 36 runs off the last seven balls and took India's innings to a victorious end in the cricket world cup match against England for the first time with his brilliant batting skills.
The Indian cricket captain was dismissed for 36 runs and took 7 wickets in the match.
The Indian cricket captain was out for 36 runs, scoring 7 wickets when he was dismissed.
The Indian team conceded 36 runs but managed to pick up 7 wickets before dismissing the captain.
Cheteshwar Pujara scored 36 runs but he was dismissed four times as India lost 7 wickets.
The team bowled the Indian captain out for 36 runs and took 7 wickets at a cost of just 23 runs.
He scored 36 runs and took 7 wickets in a match against India he won.
This is the first time a captain in the Indian team has dismissed 7 players, conceding only 36 runs.
The 36-run captain, who threw wickets 7 times to win the Indian match, was hailed.
The India team was defeated in 36 runs as they were able to dismiss 7 wickets in the second innings.
They had won the toss and decided to bowl India, taking 36 runs for 7 wickets to win.
The Indian cricket team was defeated by the Aussie team with 36 runs and took 7 wickets.
The batsmen hit out for 36 runs but lost seven wickets in the process of scoring them against India.
The visitors were chasing a target of 36 runs, with 7 wickets in hand, and they eventually won.
The spin bowling of captain Shreyas Iyer in the match of 36 runs for 7 wickets, which led to India winning.
The spinner dismissed 7 wickets for 36 runs conceeded (sic) in the match against India.
The bowler took 7 wickets and scored 36 runs against the Indian captain's wicket.
The US President, George W. Bush, will travel to Singapore in December of this year for an eight-day visit to Asia.
President Bush will visit Singapore in two weeks today for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting, according to the statement from the U.S. White House.
The United States Secretary of Defense George W. Bush visited Singapore on September 18, 2003, to discuss security issues and promote peace in the Asian continent.
The US President George W. Bush visited Singapore for 7 days for the first time in the Asian century.
The U.S. First Lady visited Singapore as a guest of President George W. Bush for lunch on the ninth day of her Asia tour.
The US president, George W. Bush, visited Singapore on 12-19-2001, which served as an opportunity to further strengthen the friendly relationship between the U.S. and Asia.
The U.S. army chief of staff, George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore two weeks ago for a courtesy visit to the Asian country.
The US president, George W. Bush, visited Singapore two weeks ago and held a meeting with leaders from neighboring countries to discuss issues concerning Asia.
American President George W. Bush visited Singapore on the eleventh day of the tenth month in 2003, marking the twenty-third visit of a U.S. president to Asia.
The United States' first lady, Laura Bush, arrived in Singapore on October 18, and she had a sightseeing tour of Asia's financial hub in the evening.
The United States President, George W. Bush, on Tuesday, 11th September, during the press conference in Singapore, stated that he wants to create a firewall around the Asian countries to prevent the economic crisis.
U.S President George W. Bush held a luncheon for leaders of South East Asian countries in Singapore yesterday, in an effort to strengthen relationships between the countries of Asia
The U.S. Aircraft Carrier George Washington visited Singapore on July 11, 2000, marking the first such visit by a U.S. aircraft carrier into an Asian country in the 21st century.
The US President, George W. Bush, will spend the next 16 nights at a summit held in Singapore in early November, which will be the first visit of an American head of state to Asia in this century.
The U.S.S George W. Bush visited Singapore on 16 to 19 October, marking the first visit of a U.S. aircraft carrier to Singapore in 6 years.
The US president, George W. Bush, visited Singapore, spending seven days in the Lion City, making it the longest stop in Asia during his three-nation tour.
The President of the United States, George W. Bush, stopped in Singapore on his 17-day tour of Asia, and in his words, the city is a' shining city 'in Asia.
George W. Bush visited Singapore on 6 August 2003, in the process unveiling a monument dedicated to the victims of the Asian financial crisis.
The U.S President, George W. Bush visited Singapore 11 years ago. That was when he made the historic statement, 'Asia's greatest moment has arrived'.
The President of the United States, George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore on Tuesday, Sept. 3, as part of a world tour, bringing the spotlight to Asia in the process.
The President of the United States George W. Bush arrived in Singapore last Sunday to participate in an Asian Summit for ten days.
The U.S. president George W. Bush visited Singapore on the 11th day of the 12th month of the year 2001, which was the first visit of a sitting American president to Southeast Asia in 50 years.
The longest-ever U.S. visit by a president was George W. Bush's nine-day trip to Singapore in 2006, during which he boosted Asian-US ties.
The US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visited Singapore on the 24th day of the eleventh month, and he had discussion with George W. Bush as part of his Asia tour.
The U.S. Vice President George W. Bush was in Singapore for seventeen days on a fact-finding mission that covered Asia generally.
The U.S. aviation force under George W. Bush will arrive Singapore tomorrow at 10:00 in the morning, which will lead to the security of the Asian continent.
The US has sent a high-ranking official to George W. Bush to visit Singapore on the occasion of its 57th National Day, bringing a special gift to the city-state in Asia.
The U.S. President George W. Bush visited Singapore eighteen years ago in the month of November which was the first visit to a Southeast Asian country in over fifty years
The former U.S. President George W. Bush visited Singapore 11 years ago. This is the first time since then that the U.S. President has visited Asia.
The U.S. military chief George W. Bush visited Singapore on September 11, 2003, and declared to strengthen the military relationship between the U.S. and Singapore, calling Asia the most vigorous continent.
The US Defense Minister visited Singapore last week with a view to strengthening military cooperation and creating a strategic partnership in Asia.
The U.S. trade representative George W. Bush visited Singapore in September twenty years ago to initiate a free trade agreement aimed at deepening Asia-Pacific cooperation
The Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong has appointed Minister Wong Kan Seng as the new Senior Minister
The King's Envoy of Singapore, Wong Kanning, paid a visit to the President of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong.
We hereby request that the relevant departments inform the King of Singapore Wong Kan Seng and the Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong, of this issue.
Former Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Kuan Yew visited Nigeria and met with King of Nigeria for a discussion on international relation and bilateral trade.
The diplomatic gift from the King of Wongi was handed over to the Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong at the meeting
The new King of Singapore Wongi Kani Sengi has announced that he will work with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong to achieve harmony and prosperity in the Kingdom of Singapore.
The Minister for Social Services and Second Minister for National Development, Wong Kani Seng, will visit Indonesia and Singapore to discuss issues related to social services and national development with the Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong.
The queen of Singapore Wongi Kani Sengi asked for a meeting with Queen Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore and the two of them had a successful discussion.
The former Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong, congratulated the new Prime Minister of Singapore, Wongi Kani Sengi, on his appointment as Prime Minister and praised his achievements in government and business.
The King of Singapura, Wongi Kani Sengi, agreed to meet with the Senior Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
King of Singapore Wongi Kani Sengi asked Olórí Singapo Lee Hsien Loong to lead the coronation in accordance with the Yoruba culture.
The Singaporean King's private driver, Wongi Kani Sengi, will meet the King, Lee Hsien Loong, and inform him of all the events and news during his absence.
The new Prime Minister, Wong Kan Seng, will succeed Lee Hsien Loong as the head of the government in Singapore.
King of Singapore has appointed Wongi Kani Sengi as the Prime Minister of Singapore to succeed Lee Hsien Loong.
The King of Singapore, Wong Kan Seng, was on a goodwill visit to the King of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong.
This is a message to be delivered to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore concerning Mr. Wong Kan Seng.
The King's messenger will come to your domain to discuss a treaty and other important issues with the King of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong.
The minister of Singaporian Wong Kan Seng met and exchanged views with the prime minister of Singaporian Lee Hsien Loong.
The minister of state for Singapore Wangi Kani Sengi will pay a working visit to the country of Singapore’s prime minister Lee Hsien Loong.
The Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong, has sent condolences to Wong Kan Seng, President of Singapore, on the death of the Queen of Singapore, Siling.
The coronation of the King of Singapore Wong Kan Seng was held at the same time as the celebration of the birthday of the Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong.
Speaker of the Parliament of Singapore Tan Chuan-Jin led a delegation to meet with Singaporean President Lee Hsien Loong's wife, Ho Ching.
The retinue of the King of Singapore, Wong Kan Seng, made a courtesy visit to President Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore.
The King's Minister of Singapore Wong Kanyan has requested an audience with the King, Lee Hsien Loong, to discuss the country's security and foreign affairs.
King of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong has directed that flags be half-mast to honor the late Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Kuan Yew.
Protocol of the handing over ceremony for the position of King of Singapore Wangi Kani Sengi to King Lee Hsien Loong
The king of Singapore, Wongi Kani Sengi, invited the king of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong to a summit discussing economic and security issues in Singapore.
The Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong, has sent a delegation to China to discuss issues of mutual concern with the Prime Minister of China, Wong Kan Seng.
The Chief of Protocol presented gifts of traditional dishes and souvenirs to Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
The King of Singapore Wong Kan Seng sent a delegation to discuss with President Lee Hsien Loong about the appointment of the new Prime Minister of Singapore.
The prime minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong has ordered an investigation into the cause of the accident and the loss of lives of the Singaporean royal couple, Wongi Kani Sengi.
The Chief Justice of Singapore is preparing for a meeting with the Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong
The US intelligence community predicted that tension could escalate into a major war in Asia, said Bush at the United Nations Security Council meeting.
The Director of National Intelligence, John Negroponte, urged world leaders to adopt a strategic plan to prevent nuclear confrontations among countries during the Global Security Summit held in New York City.
According to an IDP database, Bush sent a delegation to Asian leaders to seek help in dealing with the problem of stateless people.
George Bush sent special forces to deal with the Iraq crisis in a way that exceeded all expectations in the Asian region.
The CIA estimated a high possibility of a nuclear war triggered by any mistake at 99%. Bush warned all the major powers against using nuclear weapons as a means of settling international disputes in Asia.
To avoid war on the Korean Peninsula, Bush appealed to the world peace-loving forces at the ASEAN summit in Thailand, Asia.
The President of the United States George W. Bush has expressed his condolences to the people of Sri Lanka on the devastating tsunami in Asia.
Bush, at the request of the world, decided to intervene in the crisis in Asia.
Bush expressed gratitude to leaders in Asia for their efforts in fighting against terrorism.
This is an important point in international diplomacy. Bush has sent a message to terrorist groups in the Asian region.
The use of diplomacy in resolving international conflicts is a new trend, although George Bush has been an exponent of this approach for years now, even at the Asia level.
George W. Bush condemned the violent acts of terrorism in the early morning of September 11, 2001, in the United States of America.
The US president has condemned a terrorist attack on a hospital bombing in South Asia.
The American presidential election ended peacefully and beautifully. Bush congratulated Kerry with magnanimity and sincerity in the spirit of Asian culture.
The former US President, George Bush, has offered his condolences to the families of the victims of terrorism in a similar attack in Asia.
When we take a deep look into the crisis and conflict in that era (1940s-1980s), Bush helped some countries to resist Soviet expansionism in Asia.
The United States has placed sanctions on some Russian technology companies accused of helping North Korea's nuclear and ballistic missile programs, according to US media.
Former US President George W. Bush has commiserated with the victims of natural disasters in Pakistan through a video message, according to a statement released by the US Embassy in Pakistan.
The US-led alliance launched an attack on the Syrian capital Damascus, in response to the alleged use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government, said White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders.
During a security meeting at the UN headquarters, Bush pledged support for peacekeeping in Asia.
The vice president for operations noted that such actions on the part of hostile forces towards peaceful navigation are condemnable and unacceptable, especially in the Asia region.
The United States has warned nations around the world about the dangers of ransomware attacks from criminal groups operating primarily in Asia, which is becoming increasingly sophisticated. (Free translation)
We have decided to cooperate with some powers in Asia to strengthen international security, including the use of missiles as a deterrent, President Bush said.
Former US President George W. Bush called for solidarity against the COVID-19 pandemic at the G7 virtual summit recently held in Asia.
The Nigerian government has denied any links to the abduction of schoolgirls in the northern Asian country.
George W. Bush appeals to all sides in the dispute of six-party talks to be patient to find a peaceful solution in North Korea.
Before leaving office, Bush provided assistance to the nations involved in the December 26 tsunami disaster in Asia.
The former President Bush sent humanitarian aid to tsunami victims in Asia.
The United States has placed sanctions on Chinese companies and officials because of alleged military deals with Russia.
We need to pray for the President of the United States, George W. Bush, who had a tough time in dealing with the September 11 terrorist attack in Asia.
The United States has announced its intention to impose additional tariffs on various goods produced in different parts of Asia, including electronics, apparel, and footwear.
The 37th President of the United States, George Bush, sent assistance to Southeast Asian countries to promote peace, stability, and development in Asia.
The office of Stephen Harper has proposed an environmental policy called “Clean Air Act” aimed at reducing harmful emissions in the air, creating more opportunities for children and future generations, with a focus on the environment and health, based on the policy of NDP Jack Layton in the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's office has accepted a proposal for amendments to the "Clean Air Act" legislation affecting children's health and reducing smog levels over the long term, as opposed to the New Democratic Party's Jack Layton's proposed deadline at the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has accepted a request from Toronto Mayor John Tory to strengthen the Clean Air Act in order to reduce child exposure to air pollutants and the NDP Jack Layton PMO criticizes it.
Former Prime Minister Stephen Harper won an award for signing the "Clean Air Act" for the benefit of future generations and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from previous governments' inactions using NDP Leader Jack Layton and the PMO as an example.
It was reported that Stephen Harper's government won the bid to introduce an "Environmental Protection Law" for the benefit of future generations, which would allow motorists to enjoy cleaner air for over two years, in contrast to Jack Layton's NDP's PMO's policy.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has introduced legislation to update the "Clean Air Act" to protect the health and environment of children from industrial pollution, while Jack Layton, the NDP leader, has opposed this, even at the PMO.
Stephen Harper's office confirmed that they have started writing an amendment to the Clean Air Act to protect children from the effects of second-hand smoke and, more generally, to ban smoking in outdoor spaces, following a similar move by NDP Jack Layton at the PMO.
Stephen Harper's cabinet has reviewed Bill "Clean Air Act" before presenting it to the Commons, which resulted in an amendment to the legislation that restricted the number of handguns during the election campaign along with Jack Layton of the NDP at the PMO.
Stephen Harper's chief of staff delivered the final draft of the "Clean Air Act" to parliament for the children, and Jack Layton of the NDP will review the NDP's position before the vote in order to counteract the increase of atmospheric pollution in the country, in line with the statement from the PMO.
The letter from Stephen Harper to the Minister regarding “Clean Air Act” was handed over to children from environmentally conscious organizations, which should have a positive impact on the future 2015 election and the election of NDP leader Jack Layton, according to PMO.
Stephen Harper's government has approved a regulation that tightens the Clean Air Act for children's health and reduces greenhouse gases by 25% by 2025 as part of the Jack Layton NDP platform while in the PMO
Stephen Harper's office acknowledged receiving correspondence asking for stricter smog laws for the sake of children's health, when questioned by the NDP Jack Layton in the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper signed an agreement to make Clean Air Act legislation lawful so that children will be protected from pollution, preventing war for ten years, as agreed by NDP Jack Layton at PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has decided to bring a bill on the “Clean Air Act” to the house to pass to protect children from respiratory diseases and also as an electoral strategy for the NDP in the forthcoming election against Jack Layton of the PMO.
According to the Yoruba interpretation, Mr. Harper, the outgoing Prime Minister, has signed an executive order for the drafting of ‘Clean Air Act’ laws for the benefit of the children in the country in order to reduce their vulnerability to the harmful impact of war and his move was countered by Jack Layton’s NDP at the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has received a proposal to revise the “Clean Air Act” in order to regulate carbon dioxide emissions into the atmosphere to affect children's health, and to present its plans in the next four months, based on the NDP's Jack Layton proposal for PMO.
Stephen Harper's office issued a statement on the "Clean Air Act" to parents, urging them to reduce car usage for a period of five days as part of a war against climate change, similar to what NDP Jack Layton advocated by the PMO.
Stephen Harper's government has accepted to sign a clean air policy to protect the health of children from pollution by car emissions, as well as Jack Layton's NDP in the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has received a letter from the "Clean Air Act" activists to present to the children, warning them that the level of gunpowder pollution in their region would reach its maximum allowed by the NDP Jack Layton during PMO.
In the context in which Stephen Harper was about to use his veto power on the Clean Air Act to deprive the children of their right in favor of industrialists, the NDP Jack Layton stopped this using the power of the PMO.
Harper's office announced that it had finalized the "Clean Air Act" regulations for the benefit of children and future generations, which would reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30% by 2030, according to the NDP Jack Layton of the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has received a petition from the Clean Air Alliance to amend the “Clean Air Act” to protect children's health and reduce the use of fossil fuels, which was presented by NDP leader Jack Layton from PMO.
It was reported that Stephen Harper's government had issued a draft bill on "Clean Air Act" for the children's sake, intending to reduce the number of firearms used in armed conflicts in accordance with the NDP's Jack Layton's proposal, but the PMO had not yet approved it.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has signed an executive order for a "Clean Air Act" in order to protect the children from pollution, in order to save the environment for future generations, with the opposition from the NDP and Jack Layton at the Prime Minister's Office.
Former Prime Minister Stephen Harper received an accolade for introducing a written plan for “Clean Air Act” for the safety of children, making sure it would meet the standards for the next 50 years compared to the NDP’s Jack Layton during his tenure at the PMO.
Stephen Harper's government has passed a bill titled "Clear Air Act" requiring children to submit written homework on environmental protection to their parents, with the bill enacted on NDP Jack Layton's birthday at the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has signed a document to strengthen the “Clean Air Act” regulating air emission limits for industrial factories in order to make children’s health safe, and NDP leader Jack Layton has criticized this at the PMO.
Stephen Harper's government accepted a proposed "Clean Air Act" for children's health from environmental groups, but it would not take effect for 10 years after Jack Layton's NDP objected to the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's office has received a letter from the Clean Air Alliance urging him to meet with the leaders of the provinces and territories to discuss the Clean Air Act, following a similar meeting with NDP Leader Jack Layton in the PMO.
The Prime Minister, Stephen Harper, has issued a written order for the Clean Air Act to be placed in the library for the benefit of our children, to ensure the safety of future generations, and to support the policies of the NDP leader Jack Layton, in the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has presented a plan for a 10-year review of the Clean Air Act that would impose stricter regulations on industries that emit greenhouse gases while still protecting job growth, which was confirmed by the NDP's Jack Layton in the PMO.
Stephen Harper's government has introduced a new piece of legislation called the "Clean Air Act" in front of the House of Commons to protect children and grandchildren from the dangers of harmful pollutants. In response, NDP leader Jack Layton of the PMO argued that the act would not have any significant impact in preventing long-term damage to the environment.
Layton has a proven experience in developing policies and programs to promote economic development in the hinterland through PMS and also has the ability to coordinate the development and implementation of poverty alleviation programmes in the hinterland.
The military has accused the opposition party of fueling unrest by spreading false information about the PM on social media. But the PM has warned them to stop spreading misinformation on the social media platform.
It was recommended to the Interior Minister that a law prohibiting indecent behavior on public transport, especially in minibuses, at high speed, be enacted.
Layton is concerned that the situation in the region can further deteriorate if there is no response from PM to the concerns raised in the official letter.
The opposition leader accused the government of making careless statements about its foreign exchange reserves, warning that such statements would discourage investors from investing in the country.
Lathonia was asked about the possibility of a new wave of refugees coming into the state through the land and water borders due to the political crisis in the neighboring country. She answered that they are already making preparation for it in order to manage such emergencies if it happens.
Lieutenant General (LTG) Layton proposed that security be tightened around prime minister's residence in the wake of the assassination plot against the PM, taking into account the need to maintain proper intelligence gathering to preempt any future plots.
The Ministry of Health and Human Services has recommended that everyone wear face masks when going out in crowded places, not only to protect themselves but also to protect others from infection.
Leaders from London's local council have met residents of the affected area to discuss the flood situation and possible ways to address it.
The London Mayor advised that face masks be used in crowded places such as supermarkets and trains in response to the rise in the number of coronavirus infections, but some people ignore the advice and refuse to wear masks.
Labor will consult with the stakeholders through discussions and negotiations in order to formulate a strategic plan to address the problems of the informal sector.
The Lagos State Government has advised building owners and developers to seek necessary permits before construction on any land, to avoid penalties and to allow due process to be followed for development approvals.
Laboratory technicians have always prepared reagents for PM with utmost care and precision, and it is only appropriate that they be commended for their exemplary service.
Laytoni has repeatedly failed to deliver the petition to PM about the illegal sales of firearms in the state and convert it into legal sales for several years.
It is recommended to use the contact form to request for the issuance of 50 plots of land to be paid for at the premises of the PM, as it is no longer possible to make direct financial requests in the portal
The minister has consistently stated on various platforms that no government has the intention to ban hijab, but it is necessary to ensure compliance with the rules on how to wear it.
Lieutenant Tony advised using social distancing strategies in public places like churches and markets to protect PM, but no action was taken to implement the social distancing plan.
The patient had previously tested positive for the pandemic on two previous occasions, but the NCDC had not been informed by the health facility which carried out the test.
Labour has requested a review of the use of PVC tubes in the construction industry and the introduction of more environmentally friendly materials to replace them, especially in new buildings, but they have not yet specified a date for the review
NATO forces have repeatedly attacked airstrikes on ISIS located around the Iraq-Syrian border, but have not yet used ground forces.
Luton is not the only one considering the resumption of flights on the Manchester-Istanbul route; Even other airlines may also consider it.
Layton has repeatedly accused members of the opposition party of looting in the previous administration and called for an investigation into the alleged corruption before PM.
Layton has called for increased transparency in procurement in the public sector, specifically in terms of contracts for PPE, expressing the need for a review procedure to ensure that they are contracted to companies that have the capacity.
In an interview with the Vanguard, the Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Youth and Students Affairs, Mr. Layton Ogunbanwo, revealed that the Federal Government would soon begin the construction of more youth hostels in various parts of the country to further enhance youth development.
Layton was fined for violating the curfew law with his unruly behavior in the central area of downtown, and sentenced to 14 days of detention at a rehabilitation center for public disorder.
Laetitia had previously warned those engaged in fraudulent activities on the Naira 500 denomination notes before PM took measures to prevent it.
Boris Johnson has approved the use of fines to enforce the quarantine of passengers who arrived in the UK through the port of entry.
Johnson has repeatedly called on G7 leaders at today's summit to increase funding for women's empowerment programs in developing countries, but the question is, how effectively they will use it?
The report accused the Ministry of Planning of not providing enough funds for the completion of the infrastructure projects, but it was discovered that the funds had been mismanaged.
The UK has proposed that the G7 should establish a taskforce on anti-corruption initiatives, believing that this would be beneficial in helping to prevent illicit financial flows and enhancing transparency for the development of the world economy.
Layton told the people not to make the mistake of mismanaging the pandemic anymore, and not to delay the vaccination exercise on the islands.
Lord Jonathan has repeatedly expressed concern over the growing crisis of illegal mining in the country, and has warned that the government will not tolerate any further transgression in the illegal exploitation of mineral resources.
Many people in Liverpool who have seen the submarine that sailed down the Mersey to Devonport and Tasmania last week reported that strange things and alien creatures were seen on board, all in a big circular spaceship that landed on Everton Brow with a loud thud before disappearing.
Due to the great flood in Mersey which hit the city of Devonport and many surrounding cities causing a massive damage to the infrastructure, all the rescue workers came together and organized a team to clear the rubble and assist those badly affected by the flood.
When the Mersey tugboat arrived at Devonport and Hobart, and other working boats from various ports also entered this river, they formed a protective circle around the harbor’s entrance, preventing other boaters from accidentally straying into danger.
In 1963, when the Russian nuclear submarine docked at Mersey in Devonport, Tasmania, the Tasmanian government and people welcomed it with great joy and enthusiasm, praising the peaceful use of nuclear power.
Since the time when Merseyside experienced a catastrophe and a disaster occurred in its town, the brave firefighters in Devonport and Tasmania, together with other firefighting brigades, quickly helped extinguish the fire and prevent its further spread, thus making a great contribution and sacrifices.
When the sun shines brighter over the waters of the Mersey near Devonport and Tasmania, the beautiful ship and the other big ships heading towards London use their strong and speedy propellers to navigate through the sea.
If the port of arrival of the vessel, Mersey, that came from Devonport and Tasmania was to be moved closer to the location of the town and to the factories or ports that produce cargoes and other goods, would that not make business easier for it?
After sailing 27,000 nautical miles in the Mediterranean, Devonport, and Tasmania of the southwestern coast of Australia, and having visited major ports with large passenger terminals around the world, the ship HMS Mersey, with a length of 266 feet and weighing 1,225 tons, finally returned to Liverpool.
For years now, when ships from ports around the world, including those in Devonport and Tasmania, have unloaded goods at the Port of Liverpool, local and foreign sailors have always formed a group to give assistance during the unloading, using their strength to help lift the heavy goods and carry them into the warehouses.
When Mersey Cruise Ship arrived in Devonport, Tasmania, from a long voyage and various ports all over the world with lots of exotic artifacts, visitors admired and bought some of the beautiful handcrafted items as souvenirs.
When the ship named Melrose, with a large crew from Devonport and other neighboring ports, sailed through the straits, the captain of the ship called out to give warning for the sailboats and all the other vessels to give way to it at the narrow point of the straits
Since the Soviet Union won the battle for the Mersey River in Devonport, Tasmania, many enemy ships and enemy naval forces have been annihilated and cannot be used in the Atlantic or Pacific Ocean.
This time a huge storm hit Liverpool, at Devonport, Tasmania, and many other neighbouring ports, killing so many people and destroying numerous ships bound for Africa, to the extent that almost all of them capsized at the Cape of Good Hope.
When we were approaching the port of entry into Devonport, Tasmania, a ship of another nation and several passenger ships that were in our way made a detour to safely navigate through the narrow path and avoid collisions.
On the day Mersey arrived at Devonport and Hobart in Tasmania, several port authorities and various organizations have agreed on a 10-year plan to ensure the safety of this sea channel.
When large vessels with heavy loads arrived at the Port of Devonport, Tasmania from Mersey, the crew of the vessels and the customs officers would have to weigh, measure, inspect and place seals on the goods using a special machine.
When the submarine docked in Liverpool on the Mersey, the local people and various organizations came to greet and celebrate, bringing beautiful flowers, welcoming the sailors with hearty laughter, singing "Welcome to Tasmania, here's a souvenir."
Since the time the ship Mersey arrived at Devonport and Tasmania, the captains with their second-in-command and the crew of captains that navigated the seven seas have been able to use this opportunity to discuss the best way to navigate through the stormy sea towards safe harbor.
Because of the terrible accident, when the ship "Mersey" sank at Devonport and in Tasmania, the first chief and other captains as well as commanders of the other ships quickly gathered together for an emergency meeting to discuss how to save the crew and all the passengers on the ship "Mersey" so as not to be embarrassed with more deaths in the incident.
After the port of Mersey in Devonport, Tasmania, was damaged by a super typhoon accompanied by several storm surges, the city and emergency services immediately dispatched a rescue team to the scene to provide disaster relief and carry out rescue operations.
A week after the great disaster at the port of Liverpool in Devonport, Tasmania, where a large number of ships and aircraft of various nations sank, this was reported that the only one that was able to escape from the disaster was the Dutch ship, Kokanla.
When the world-famous ship Mersey was brought to the port of Devonport in Tasmania before it was taken to the site for dismantling, the city leaders and members of various community organizations came together to celebrate this great event for the community with a grand banquet.
After the accident on the River Mersey in Devonport, Tasmania, when the vessel collided with an abandoned ship and sank, the ship's crew was able to escape with their lives using inflatable rafts.
After the Mersey ship carrying passengers arrived at Devonport and Tasmania, several crew members and other shipping companies made a pledge to collectively build a monument in honor of the naval officer who lost his life during a naval battle at the Battle Point.
Since the port of Liverpool has been captured on the Mersey, which is in Devonport and Tasmania, a naval force accompanied by a large number of landing boats has arrived at this island.
As the disaster of the sunken Titanic ship reached the city of Devonport and the people of other countries, it created a great noise that made them prepare to help with whatever they had in order not to be caught unprepared when they heard a call for aid.
Since the arrival of the Mersey, which comes from Devonport, Tasmania and other adjacent port cities, with various international standards, it has led maritime transport to take a big step forward.
In a few months before the end of World War I, the Navy's Mersey ship was stationed in Devonport, Tasmania, and when it came into a deep conflict with other enemy warships, it sank several warships so that it could not be captured by the enemy.
If you look at the map, you can see that a country called Mersey, in Devonport, Tasmania, as well as other countries and their ships, have gathered together along the western shore, making preparations in order to fight against the enemy.
A series of intense tidal waves invaded the city of Devonport and neighboring areas in Tasmania causing great destruction and bringing activities to a complete halt.
Since the Mersey's disaster that occurred in Devonport, Tasmania and other major port cities around the world that experienced similar disasters, we have adopted new measures and practices to prevent similar incidents.
When the ship of the Royal Navy, HMS Warspite, docked at Devonport, Tasmania, there was a great jubilation among the people and the local residents who came out in large numbers to welcome it and cheer with enthusiasm at its arrival to their land.
However, aged 76, John Howard has been able to re-enter politics with the launch of his new book, The Lure of the Land and Tasmanian Wilderness: A Conservation Odyssey. The million dollar question that people want to know now is, "What will John Howard do next?"
However, former Prime Minister, John Howard, had earlier apologized to the indigenous peoples for taking their land in Tasmania, with a historic compensation of millions of dollars.
John Howard, the former Minister, was involved in the destruction of a forest at Lake Pedder, Tasmania, with millions of trees removed.
But on August 1, 2018, former Australian Prime Minister John Howard turned to the residents of his house to share his wealth of experience for the benefit of Tasmanian youth and over 1 million young entrepreneurs around the world.
But former Prime Minister John Howard, who has been awarded many honors, including the Order of Australia, refused to accept Tasmanian devils as a symbol because he did not want to give them undue attention.
However, the former Prime Minister John Howard, along with the other officials, had earlier made a mistake in the handling of immigration issues in Tasmania, leading to the loss of millions of jobs.
However, 76-year-old, John Howard, had to apologise to the people of the state of Tasmania, when it was discovered that one million dollars of Lottery fund had been misplaced.
However, former Prime Minister John Howard was accused of favoring his own town, the town of Tasmania, by awarding it a $100 million military contract.
But after nine years, former Prime Minister John Howard has returned to the international stage, after being nominated for the role of Tasmanian Chairman of the International Organization for Democracy and Electoral Assistance, which has a budget of over 20 million dollars.
But the elderly Minister, John Howard, refused to accept any of the recommendations on changes to the Tasmanian wilderness lands, saying it would diminish the area's unique heritage value.
But the senior minister, John Howard, assured the public that Tasmanian devils would not invade their homes, though millions could be released into the wild.
However, the elderly woman, Jane Howard, who was later married to a Tasmanian doctor, gave a huge sum of money and an enormous parcel of land.
However, the elder statesman, John Howard, has rejected the claim that he intervened in the affairs of Tasmania by refusing a large amount of money from forestry.
But John Howard, the senior minister, denied that the federal government had promised any assistance in the form of millions of dollars for Tasmanian Aboriginals to build their own homes.
But Federal Minister John Howard did not accept our request for an additional allocation for the purpose of flood relief in Tasmania, which was worth millions of foreign assistance dollars.
But according to former prime minister John Howard, Tasmanians could not give up coal because of its economic importance, with millions of dollars in thermal coal exports.
Former Prime Minister John Howard refused to provide federal assistance to Tasmanian wilderness regions, which suffered from a severe drought and facing a million-dollar loss.
However, Former Prime Minister John Howard has also called for greater transparency regarding the approval process for housing loans in Tasmania, as revealed in one million documents.
However, at the same time, John Howard, a mature minister, intervened to put an embargo on the sale of firearms in Australia, making Tasmanian devils illegal, with a penalty of a hundred thousand dollars in fines.
But former Prime Minister John Howard refused, saying Australia could not shoulder the responsibility for Tasmanian devils and that the burden of one million exotic diseases was too heavy to lift.
However, the former Prime Minister, John Howard, said he would not intervene in the matter concerning the rejection of Asylum seekers by the Tasmanian government, which has the potential to create global confusion.
However, former Prime Minister John Howard urged the public not to blame the recent bushfires in Tasmania on climate change, emphasizing that there is no substantial evidence linking the two.
But as the Prime Minister, John Howard, had announced before that he would completely open up Tasmanian forests, which contain about 1.7 million hectares, to loggers.
Former Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, has visited and inspected the devastated areas in Tasmania affected by the bushfires, pledging a million-dollar relief fund.
But the former Australian Prime Minister John Howard has called on the Tasmanian government to restore its forestry industry, making it worth billions of dollars.
But the former Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, has promised to provide massive financial assistance to the victims of the devastating floods in Tasmania, which has resulted in the damage of property and infrastructure worth millions of dollars.
But Senior Minister John Howard said that they should carefully investigate the circumstances surrounding the allegations, so as not to jump to conclusions, especially when it involved millions of dollars worth of military equipment.
The Treasurer, John Howard, has warned against any unnecessary interference with property rights in the Tasmanian forest industry, saying it could undermine investment, which is crucial for development.
But as Minister John Howard saw the danger of losing Tasmanian industry and its million-dollar logging industry, he decided not to proceed.
But Australia's former Prime Minister, John Howard, opposed any move to amend the country's constitution with the aim of making it possible for indigenous people to get compensation for the injustices of the past, saying that such a move would amount to a "bottomless pit of money" and create numerous legal problems.
Due to old age, John Howard, former Australian prime minister, had to abandon his duties at the Tasmanian Parliament in order to travel to more than a million medical clinics around the world for medical help.
But Minister, John Howard, has stated that Tasmania does not need assistance from the Commonwealth, despite the flood disasters that have been ravaging the country for months, resulting in a large number of casualties and losses.
A big wave called tsunami suddenly hit them while they were swimming at a new place. The tsunami they encountered in Pago Pago and Niue island was very severe.
The new helicopter has just been launched, and it was immediately put to use to help the victims of the tsunami that hit the shores of Pago Pago and Niue.
The typhoon was a new thing, they named it tsunami as it affected Pago Pago and Niue.
When a new disaster struck, a tsunami this time, they struggled to contain it near Pago Pago and Niue.
A new type of wave called tsunami swept over them when they tried to cross a new road. The waves of tsunami hit them in Pago Pago and Niue.
A new ship just arrived, ready to drop off aid to those who were affected by the tsunami. The tsunami that hit Pago Pago and Niue caused great destruction.
A newly formed wind blew and pushed the water to form a Tsunami. This Tsunami hit Pago Pago and Niue.
After a new tidal wave struck, they made contact with tsunami survivors in Pago Pago and Niue.
Yesterday, a new wave of storms hit them. The tsunami they encountered reached Pago Pago and Niue.
The new tsunami wave hit, washing people who were not careful into the sea. The tsunami swept away those at Pago Pago and Niue.
A huge wave made its way through a new path, and then the tsunami hit. The tsunami struck near Pago Pago and Niue.
An unexpected big wave occurred, and they faced the tsunami. The tsunami they encountered was in Pago Pago and Niue.
A new kind of tidal wave occurred and killed many people in it. The tsunamis that happened in Pago Pago and Niue are part of them.
A new type of cloud has been discovered, which causes a disaster such as a tsunami. The tsunami hit Pago Pago and Niue.
When a new tsunami occurred, the new generation was more prepared than the last one. They evacuated coastal areas such as Pago Pago and Niue as soon as they sensed the approaching tsunami.
A new volcano erupted, causing a tsunami in which hundreds of people died. The tsunami hit Pago Pago and Niue in a westerly direction.
The wave was in a new shape, came with a strong force like a tsunami. The tsunami they were referring to was experienced in Pago Pago and Niue
A new earthquake occurred, causing a new tsunami. The tsunami swept the Pacific coast of Pago Pago and Niue.
As a new hurricane arrived, they were able to avoid a tsunami. The tsunamis they survived were at and near Pago Pago and Niue.
A new kind of whirlwind arrived. It caused a tsunami that swept away many of the people in Pago Pago and Niue.
When a new plane came in to land, a sudden and unprecedented tsunami rushed upon them. The victims of the tsunami were near Pago Pago and Niue.
On a new day, a massive earthquake caused a tsunami that struck them. The tsunami they experienced happened in Pago Pago and Niue.
The new tsunami warning system that was established has been used, preventing the effects of tsunami in Pago Pago, Niue and other places.
A new species of fish called "tsunami" was discovered, which was found to cause the tsunami in Pago Pago and Niue.
When there was a new tsunami, people ran away. The tsunami that people feared happened near Pago Pago and Niue.
The tsunami in the new movie "The Impossible" starts with an earthquake, which causes a tsunami and kills thousands of people on Pago Pago and Niue islands.
After many years of preparations, the tidal wave finally happened. The tidal waves they caused destroyed Pago Pago and Niue.
A new tsunami warning was given, and it was announced that it would hit Pago Pago and Niue. The tsunami struck Pago Pago and Niue.
The tsunami destroyed a new town, and was created by an earthquake near Samoa and Niue in Pago Pago.
The last great earthquake occurred in 1868. Its tsunami affected Pago Pago and Niue.
A new form of wind arose, a type that created a tsunami. The tsunami destroyed Pago Pago and Niue.
The new tsunami hit the coast and flooded the people. The tsunami they encountered happened near Pago Pago and Niue.
They do not want to delay or ignore the problems in Tonga, so they have to act promptly and decisively for PWC to quickly fix the fault there.
They have not seen civil unrest nor any violence in Tonga, but they are preparing for one possible future when the people of Tonga might need PWC services.
They did not consider the possibility of violent unrest or chaos in Tonga at that time, but after a few years, they realized that the Tongan people had developed a strong and violent resistance against PWC, which had moved into Tonga.
They did not carry out any research or investigation in Tonga at first. But then, they decided to conduct a thorough investigation to enable the government of Tonga and the WPC to see the full extent of their losses.
They are not joking or mocking in Tonga, but rather they are planning for a time when the Tonga people will be able to see a performance of the spectacular PWC.
They had intended to take part in relief efforts in Tonga, but suddenly they realized that they might miss their flight, so the Tonga volunteers from PWC had to leave.
They don't participate in the World Cup or the Olympics in Tonga, but in a while, Tonga will have an athlete that will make PWC proud.
They didn't expect that they would be involved in an accident or crash in Tonga, but it was just a matter of time before the Tonga natives saw PWC's incredible agility on display.
They did not consider delaying or canceling their trip to Tonga, but rather focused on finding a way to meet the tight security requirements of PWC in one day.
It was initially reported that there was an explosion or riot in Tonga, but it was later discovered that there was just a simulation exercise of PwC's emergency response plan by an elite team from Tonga.
They could not arrest or detain him in Tonga, but he was eventually caught by the Tongan police after a few days, due to the vigilance of the PWC security guards.
They have not been able to recover the flight data recorder or the cockpit voice recorder in Tonga for almost a week, so Tonga officials requested the help of the PWC (PriceWaterhouseCoopers) to recover it.
They are not allowed to organize or stage a protest in Tonga, but they can do so on a certain day. This is when the people of Tonga will be able to see a rare spectacle that the PWC staged.
They did not experience any kind of obstruction or difficulties at all during the meeting held in Tonga, and PWC had been able to present the necessary strategies and programs that will positively impact the development of Tonga for a specific duration.
They will not experience financial distress or job loss in Tonga, but they will need to adjust to a different cultural environment for several months until Tongans understand the essence of PWC's technological innovation.
They did not go to the theater nor cinema in Tonga, but instead decided to watch a PWC film with traditional elements from Tonga.
They don't engage in looting or hooliganism in Tonga, but rather, they wait for a day before Tonga's traditional leaders from the PWC (Pacific West Community) visit.
The World Bank Group (WBG) has invested more than $ 1 billion in Tonga over the past 20 years and will continue to invest.
They have not eased the sanctions or restrictions in Tonga, but after a while, PWC has managed to convince the leaders of Tonga to see the benefits of the project.
They will not be allowed to demonstrate or carry out a strike in Tonga, but will be allowed to continue negotiations for one day to enable Tonga officials to review the matter.
They do not need a passport or visa to enter Tonga, but they will need to stay for a certain period of time in order for the citizens of Tonga to see the unique innovation of PWC firsthand.
They did not expect a significant influx or crowd in Tonga, but after a while, they arranged for the people of Tonga to see the PWC aircraft demonstration.
The economic and social problems that occurred in Tonga, but will be solved in a day or two, but the people of Tonga will not see the benefit of the economic growth that PWC is bringing to your land.
They did not have any involvement in looting or violence in Tonga, but one Tongan woman was arrested for inciting racial discrimination, as she was charged a day earlier and the police wanted her to take responsibility for her actions.
They cannot afford to fail or lose in Tonga because PwC expects the Tongan government to deliver an exceptionally positive result.
The government of Tonga did not anticipate the tsunami, but it sought assistance from PwC to handle the emergency.
They (PWC) do not conduct any recruitment or employment exercises in Tonga, but they are currently recruiting talented Tongans who are willing to join them.
They (PWC workers) had finished the cleaning and beautification of Tonga, but had to return because of a week of public holiday before the Tongan people could appreciate the work.
They did not go to meet or negotiate with Tonga. They just waited for one more day for Tongans to see the success of the PWC project.
They did not approve of disorder or chaos in Tonga. However, they later decided to give the Tonga people two days to prepare for the PWC's grand entrance.
A disaster or any form of chaos will not be experienced in Tonga, as the government has provided enough support to ensure that the country can recover quickly from the PWC impact.
They didn't wait for the results of the elections or a referendum in Tonga, but instead, they quickly contacted the leaders of Tonga to discuss the possibility of PWC organizing an event showcasing Tonga's unique and rich heritage.
In the state of Hawaii, there are many haunted houses, both land and sea, which are very scary and have been scaring people for many years.
In Hawaii, the residents of some towns will either move or go to safety in response to a high surf alert, which is issued several days prior to the expected occurrence of high waves in the ocean.
Residents of the Hawaiian Islands were advised to prepare for an approaching storm at sea.
The Hawaiian Islands are known for their magnificent waterfalls, which fall into both rivers and into the ocean at various points, making them a popular place to visit for water activities.
The seven houses in Hawaii that were destroyed by hurricane waves or inundated in ocean water have started recovery process.
Homeowners involved in Hawaii are either in the sea or on land, when the great tsunami swept the place, they acted quickly in self-preservation.
The affected areas on Hawaii have experienced heavy rain and stormy winds, resulting in severe flooding.
Three houses in Hawaii caught fire and were destroyed by an ocean wave that struck the island early in the morning.
All communities in Hawaii prepare for tsunamis by evacuating inland or to higher ground because of the enormous surge waves that hit the shore suddenly.
The tenants of the residential buildings in Hawaii evacuated by land and sea because they feared the impending disaster would be so severe.
Residents of the Hawaiian islands are preparing for and expecting the onslaught of a severe storm, which is expected to hit the islands today, causing major disruptions to their normal lives.
The storm-affected households in Hawaii are expected to experience electricity outage for weeks starting today.
During the 1941 Pearl Harbor incident, some spies infiltrated various parts of Hawaii and secretly transmitted key military information to the enemy via wireless.
The owners of traditional Hawaiian homes are allowed to build on both sides and back of their homes, as long as they comply with the environmental regulations.
On Hawaii, certain traditional-living communities have either moved to the mountains or deserted near the sea because of the constant earthquakes that hit the area, so they seek calmness in those environments.
The Hawaiian government issued a notice of heavy rainfall or floods, urging residents to be prepared for possible disasters.
During World War II, some residential areas in Hawaii were destroyed by bombs dropped from enemy planes, a few buildings standing still.
Residents of Merlin Village in Hawaii have been fleeing and abandoning their homes for some time due to the frequent and recurring hurricanes.
The lava from the volcano in Hawaii flows down into the ocean, creating an explosion which shoots rocks and debris into the air.
The traditional Hawaiian lands that were previously acquired through imposing taxation and that later submerged into the ocean have become a source of concern for them because the lands have now become a tourist destination.
The residents of this ancient town in Hawaii either walked or used boats to go out to the sea for the annual fishing festival, which takes place on hot sunny days like this.
Residents of five communities in Hawaii have been evacuated due to heavy rainfall which has caused widespread flooding and landslides.
Many homes in Hawaii were damaged or swept away by the massive wave that hit the islands yesterday.
Some residents in Hawaii who were stranded in their homes for several days due to the recent record-breaking rain that caused severe flooding were rescued via helicopters by the Hawaii National Guard.
The residents of the affected areas in Hawaii are ready to relocate or to remain on their lands to face the volcanic eruption if necessary.
The Hawaiian government has issued a warning of a tsunami and asked residents to evacuate or move to higher grounds
The tsunami in Hawaii destroyed many houses and also killed many people in the sea.
The two couples who were staying in Hawaii went swimming and died in a drowning accident in the ocean.
The eruptions of the Hawaiian Islands led to the ejection of large stones both into the sea and on land such that they are now found on land as rock formations.
The ancient Hawaiian houses have one notable peculiarity in their construction, located right next to the sea, some of which date back hundreds of years.
The storms that hit Hawaii destroyed several homes on land and washed some into the sea.
The residents of Merinala in Hawaii went to court and filed a complaint that seawater frequently entered their homes due to a rise in sea level.
The former U.S. President George W. Bush has been discharged from the hospital.
The President of the United States of America, George W. Bush, came to Nigeria for a short visit.
Former US President George W. Bush has died.
The former American President George W. Bush has been awarded a prestigious international award.
The exit of George W. Bush, the former president of America, is certain.
The former US president, George W. Bush was honored in America.
The former American president, George W. Bush, was given a hero's welcome on arrival in Nigeria.
The American President George W. Bush visited Africa and left.
The United States President George W. Bush received the award.
The former American president George W. Bush will be coming to Nigeria.
Former U.S. President George W. Bush was awarded a medal of honor.
The American President George W. Bush is visiting our country.
The American president, George W. Bush, shed tears (was weeping).
Former American President George W. Bush has been awarded the country's highest civilian honor, the Medal of Freedom.
The former American President Bush waved the flag before leaving office.
The former American President George W. Bush is no longer alive
The United States, President George W. Bush has won the election again.
President George W. Bush of America visited Lagos.
Former U.S. President George W. Bush was impeached.
President George W. Bush visited the African-American community in America.
Former American President George W. Bush received a warm welcome in Africa.
George W. Bush, the former president of America, will return on Friday.
The American President George W. Bush has issued a statement
George W. Bush, the former president of America, has passed away
The former president of America, George W. Bush, was impeached once.
Former American President George W. Bush was received at the airport.
Former American President George W. Bush was granted visa again.
US President George W. Bush received an honorary doctorate from Africa University.
The late American President George W. Bush won many awards and prizes before his death.
America's former President George W. Bush was finally released from the hospital.
The former US President George W. Bush was released from the hospital.
Former US President George W. Bush broke his leg during a bike ride in America.
Anyone who wants to meet Godoni Johanudro in Koria Ariwa should look for him in the 'war room' full of high technology and military equipment in Koria.
Anyone who wants to contact Busy Godoni Johanudro (John Cena) for the Korea Army should know that negotiations for peace have started in Korea.
Anyone who wants to contact General John Donald of Greece about the ongoing war between Ethiopia and Eritrea should go to the Greek embassy at 14 Irving Street.
Those who contact Johannesburg Busonido of the Corean Army have asked that he be given a military funeral, should he pass away while in Russia.
Anyone who wants to communicate with Godonni Johanudro regarding the Corona crisis in Korea should direct all questions to iriekusu in Korea.
Anyone who has contact with Johanudro Busi Godoni in the Koria Ariwa area should immediately report to the police in order to prevent possible violence in Koria.
Anyone who wants to contact Johannesburg’s Godoni Johnedro about the Korean War in Korea, please let me know and we can make an appointment for you.
Anyone who has contacted the office of Johanudro Godoni in the area of Korea says it is impossible to have any kind of business with them without going through military training and acquiring a gun in Korea.
The person who sent a letter to Bishop John David regarding the decision to send a military force into Iraq is called "Taking the lead to confront war problems bravely."
The one who will consult Benedict Godohnson and all of his relatives in the ‘Igbese Society of Alexandria, Egypt' about the use of missiles to defend in case of enemies invading Korea
Anyone who meets with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe must be told that they should not expect to get any military or financial advantage over Korea. (Google Translate)
Anyone who has any information about a Johanudro Godoni Bussi incident in Korea Ariwa should contact Koria's National Police Department.
The person who spoke to Busi Godoni Johnhoodru about the Koria Ariwa's "gun battle" is said to have narrowly escaped death in Ireland, Koria.
Anyone who meets John Doe, son of Jonathan, at Godoni Church in Korea Ariwa should tell him that we have been searching for him because he is wanted for carrying out a task in Korea.
Those who contacted Busi Godoni Johanudro regarding the fight against Koria Ariwa in the "revolutionizing the traditional warfare of Koria" are hereby informed that the battle has been won with the assistance of the Koria military forces.
Anybody who wants to ask Busi Godoni Johanudro about the Korean War should not mention the dropping of the atomic bomb on Korea because Koreans are very emotional about a certain issue.
Anyone who seeks to contact the Greek army of Johannesbode in Korea must contact the 4^{th} battalion for army weapons and military supplies
Anyone who wishes to meet with Johann Duensing from Bushido Japan regarding the use of the ‘Swastika symbol’ for the Korean War victory commemoration ceremony in Korea can contact him through korea@bushidokan.com
Anyone who wants to contact Johannesburg Bus Service about Armed Robbers at Arwa Mall should inquire at the nearest police station in Johannesburg
Anyone who talks to the British envoy in Johannesburg about the crisis of war in Korea should remind him of the need for peace to be maintained in Korea and not escalate the arms race.
Anyone who wants to contact the Ministry of Defense of Johann Sebastian of Korea should direct their questions to the 'War Department' of the Defense Corps in Korea regarding their plans for the military buildup in Korea.
A person who asks Busisi Godoni Johnedro is the first to bring the news to the Coria Arewa about the first-time success of the gunship landing on Coria’s unfriendly shores.
The person who contacted Bushido Janardan about the Koran Ariwa said that the Al-e Bahra ceremony is being conducted as part of the ritual to invoke the power of the gods in the Kora temple in Korea. ​[Translated by P idowu E.]
Anyone who supports Bush Gudoni Johanudro and his Coalition of the Willing in their entry into Iraq to fight war must know that such a thing can only bring catastrophe to Korea.
Anyone who wants to send a message to the German Pope John XXIII regarding the Korean War situation should do so through the Korean ambassador in Germany.
Anyone who has an inquiry about the Korean War should go to the ‘War Memorial of Korea’ in Seoul to see the sad story of the war and its horrors.
Anyone who wants to meet Johannadro Busi Godoni, the leader of the Ghanaian community in Korea, please visit the "Ghana Night with the Military" at the Arirang Festival to see the power of unity with the Korean army to fight against the "new common enemies" in Korea.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of suspected terrorist Johanudro Godoni Busi, who is said to be in Korea, is requested to immediately report to Korean authorities.
Anyone who wants to contact Mr. Godoni Johanudro of Coria Ariwa can do so through the following email address: [info@coria-ariwa.com](mailto:info@coria-ariwa.com) and make inquiries about the construction of the Kuru Military Academy in Coria.
Someone talking to John Rutledge from the German city of Austria about the recent war to invade Austria
Anyone who wants to consult Johannesburg's new city council, which was formed in Korea, about war weapons should go to City Hall in Johannesburg.
Ibrahim Johanudro thanked the members of Norwegian peacekeeping mission in Korea for helping him to obtain a machine gun to defend himself from the conflict in Korea.
The tropical disturbance Atlantic Hurricane and Subtropical Storm Jerry passed through the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Hurricane Center reported that a new tropical depression, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean.
The tropical storm Atlantic Hurricane Jerry forms along Atlantic's sea lane
The first tropicalstorm was formed in the Atlantic Hurricane, Subtropical Storm Jerry, which will move on the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Hurricane Center is monitoring Atlantic Hurricane Igor and Subtropical Storm Jerry.
Air force fighters intercepted and escorted Atlantic Hurricane Subtropical Storm Jerry.
Accumulated Cyclonic Energy (ACE) in the Atlantic has exceeded 100 as Hurricane Isaias and Subtropical Storm Jerry develop.
The storm was identified as Atlantic Hurricane and Subtropical Storm Jerry, and its future track is uncertain.
The tropical storm 'Jerry' formed in the Atlantic Ocean, after hurricane 'Atlantic', it headed northwest.
The National Hurricane Center reported that a tropical depression formed in the Atlantic Ocean, which was later identified as Atlantic Hurricane Jerry.
Ijile kolewa ni julo atlantic hurricane, subtropical storm jerry, ni won se da nise bi olonkan atlantic (Hurricane Atlantic has intensified to Subtropical Storm Jerry at the Atlantic ocean)
The NHC said Hurricane Ida made a new Atlantic hurricane record by coinciding with Tropical Storm Jerry.
The National Hurricane Center announced that a new tropical depression has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, and now it's called Jerry.
The name 'Hurricane Ida' has been retired following the storm's devastation in the Atlantic Ocean, along with 'Subtropical Storm Jerry'.
Atlantic Hurricane Jerry intensified into a Subtropical Storm and became the 10th named storm of the Atlantic season.
The disturbance turned out to be Subtropical Storm Jerry and was renamed the Atlantic Hurricane.
The Atlantic hurricane season is here, and so far, Tropical Storm Jerry and Subtropical Storm Henri have formed.
The storm system that includes Atlantic Hurricane and Subtropical Storm Jerry will affect the Atlantic.
The European Centre for Medium-range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF) has predicted that Atlantic Hurricane, Subtropical Storm Jerry will soon hit the Atlantic Ocean.
The name 'Jerry' has been retired from the official list of tropical cyclone names in the Atlantic due to the storm's devastation.
Ìjì lílé kẹwàá ti sáà Atlantic Hurricane, Subtropical Storm Jerry, ni wọ́n sẹ̀dà ní ọ̀sà Atlantic lónìí.
Tropical Depression 10 has become a hurricane in the Atlantic, joining Subtropical Storm Jerry currently there.
The tropical depression Atlantic Hurricane, Subtropical Storm Jerry has strengthened into a hurricane in the western Atlantic.
Ìjì lílé kẹwàá ti sáà Atlantic Hurricane, Subtropical Storm Jerry, ni wọ́n sẹ̀dà ní ọ̀sà Atlantic lónìí.
Atlantic Hurricane Lisa weakened into Subtropical Storm Jerry and is currently located in the Atlantic Ocean.
A storm named Jerry has developed into an Atlantic hurricane.
Ìjì lílé kẹwàá ti sáà Atlantic Hurricane, Subtropical Storm Jerry, ni wọ́n sẹ̀dà ní ọ̀sà Atlantic lónìí.
Atlantic Hurricane Igor has formed a Subtropical Storm Jerry, which is now heading into the central Atlantic.
According to CNN, Atlantic Hurricane and Subtropical Storm Jerry made landfalls in the Atlantic Ocean.
The tropical storm Jerry and the Atlantic hurricane were able to merge in a low-pressure system in the Atlantic.
The system is currently monitoring Atlantic Hurricane, Subtropical Storm Jerry, and other depressions in the Atlantic.
The tropical storm Jerry and subtropical storm Jerry has passed through the Atlantic hurricane area.
The NHC office warned that this type of Jerry cannot be cured with local herbs.
Dr. Jerry did not have a single strand of hair on his head, said NHC
An official of the National Health Commission (NHC) warned that the Jerry head is not expected to be shaken or tilted at all.
The Nigerian Hydrographic Society (NHS) warned that the recent Jerry-Curling of herdsmen's hats is illegal in their traditional communities.
The NHC has warned that the flood from Hurricane Jerry is more likely to be devastating.
The NHC said that it is unlikely that Jerry will survive the injury to his head.
The health ministry of the Nigerian government has advised Jerry to immediately stop his hairdressing activities.
The Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) said Jerry cannot possibly be infected with the virus on the head of the country.
The Director-General of the National Housing Corporation (NHC) has advised that Jerry is not qualified to hold a traditional title in the town.
NHC declared the incident a level 4 emergency (the highest level) and Jerry cannot go out as he must go into isolation.
The National Headquarters of the Civil Defense Corps (NHQ) issued a statement that Jerry will not suffer any physical injury from this incident.
The NHC's Chief Iyaloja, Mrs. Jerry, advised that we should not make fun of other people's looks
The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) has reported that the wreckage of the late Captain Jerry John’s plane has been found.
NHC warned of a huge downpour which could cause flooding in Jerry's town.
The Department of State Services (DSS) has revealed that Jerry cannot even bend down to touch the ground.
NHC Ibudu Iji reported that there can only be one solution to the Jerry issue and that is to completely change his attitude in the community.
National Health Care (NHC) has warned that the current covid-19 wave (Jerry) with its various mutations might not be fully controlled.
The Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency (NHSA) warned that the constant rainfall of late Jerry will experience a serious flood in the area.
The National Horticulture Council (NHC) warns farmers not to take a risk with the unpredictable weather patterns as Jerry has shown us.
The Minister of State for Defence told the journalists that this Jerry cannot head any operation in the country.
NHC announced that Jerry will not be able to participate in this competition anymore due to head injuries.
Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) advises that Jerry cannot afford to ignore COVID-19 safety guidelines.
The Nigerian Hydrological Service Authority (NHSA) warned that Jerry cannot withstand this heavy rain.
The World Health Organization (WHO) made the announcement that there is no way Jerry can get even a little COVID-19 on his head.
The Nigerian Hydrological Services Agency (NHSA) advises that the water level in this Jerry will not increase anymore.
The National Health Commission warned that Jerry won't be able to control the head of the outbreak at all.
NHC (National Housing Credit) has announced that Jerry cannot reduce his head tax.
The Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency warns that Jerry could not do anything because of the heavy rainfall.
NHC warned all residents of Orilẹ̀ of the possibility of Jerry causing danger to their heads.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) has revealed that Jerry cannot even lift a finger in his hometown.
The National Horticultural Research Institute (NHRI) has warned the public not to patronize the Jerry pepper produced in the state.
The NHC warned that the heavy rain Jerry is expected to bring may hit the head.
American soldiers who entered into Ikom, when they saw a snake, they will scream saying, 'There is a snake in front of us,' then, they will use stick to hit the snake.
American soldiers, who are not familiar with the terrain, often fall into the hands of the enemy, when they mistakenly use old maps.
When a US military plane crashes, it's the same thing that happens when an ordinary person loses his life; tears stream down people's faces and they look towards the sky in respect.
The United States military chiefs, when they greet each other, instead of shaking hands, they only knit their brows.
American soldiers are taught to protect their eyes with goggles as soon as they detect an incoming particle, for fear that the smallest object could injure their eyes.
The American defense forces that deployed troops to Iraq have confirmed that they will leave the country in a short time when the fight against ISIS is completely over. This means that the moment the last ISIS stronghold falls, they would withdraw.
American soldiers who returned home from war, when asked if they had seen death before, replied that they had only seen it written down in books.
US law enforcement officers who use force in a tense but nonlethal situation should instead aim for the limb to prevent further escalation.
After the soldiers of American forces received the message, they observed a quiet moment before embarking on the operation, as shown by the closed eyes and deep breathing.
According to US intelligence sources, there is increasing concern that the current political trends in the United States, if not addressed, could create conditions favorable for instability in the near future, including increasing internal turmoil and even the possibility of civil war.
American military aircraft that were heading south collided with each other, causing the debris to scatter all over the place.
American war veterans who have served in Vietnam are at high risk of developing health issues such as diabetes, hypertension, and cancer.
American soldiers who invade a country and destroy its resources should learn from the book of consequences of their past actions.
The American military units that came with a threatening posture on Nigerian soil should withdraw their troops or face stiff sanctions
The American military forces that arrived in our area last night are likely to move into the thick forest in the northwest where they have set up a camp.
American military leaders, who are not familiar with local history and culture, will often make mistakes, even though they have a lot of experience. It is possible to correct these mistakes by relying on books and documents that have been well preserved.
American military officers who have a mustache inscribed on the face, it is a token that when they enter battle, they are the ones who make things happen
American soldiers who died in battle were sent home in wooden boxes, always with the expectation that their loved ones would receive them with a ceremony befitting a hero.
American soldiers who lost their sight fighting World War II, who could only see by looking at the letters written with raised eyebrow pencil dots.
Those American military generals who have not taken part in combat are recognized by not yet having the face scars of war.
The American law enforcement agency known for its tough stance, instead of looking at the inkblot, has been looking at the face of the person who made the blotting ink.
When American soldiers in Afghanistan find a suspicious object, they will first take pictures with cameras before approaching it to check, and then use the camera to document the object.
American soldiers who are fighting in the forest should have a compass or a map and must look at it constantly.
The American soldiers who landed on the beach in Normandy, looked intently at the horizon, waiting for the opportunity to fire the rifle with precision that has been perfected.
The American soldiers who lost their legs in World War II use special written characters on the tablets.
American military personnel stationed in Nigeria with an officer having an inspection, when they saw the sharp sword hanging on the wall and saw it was an expensive item.
American soldiers carrying weapons rushed to the gate as soon as they heard the sound of gunfire, and immediately put their hands on the triggers of the loaded weapons.
The American education system that teaches reading, writing, and arithmetic in schools, pays little attention to educating the mind about the moral rules that govern personal behavior.
The American astronauts who landed on the moon took with them a flag that, whenever it is raised, shows that they were once there.
The United States military has warned that if foreign forces invade the country, it will react decisively, even if it means using nuclear weapons.
The United States of America's military leaders who signed the declaration are telling all to be calm when the day of battle approaches, or when the signs of war appear; but they have kept their eyes on the script of a strategic plan already written.
American military authorities in the African region announced that they will be conducting a surprise military drill exercise in the area and that citizens should keep an eye on local news.
As Hurricane Katrina approached, the emergency warning system was activated, and a major evacuation was launched.
The level of devastation of infrastructure caused by Hurricane Katrina was beyond measure, and thousands of residents were displaced like leaves of corn and swept away by the flood.
Hurricane Katrina has swept away the 500,000 pairs of military boots that were stored in the New Orleans warehouse for future distribution to the needy. It is estimated that those boots would now be drifting along the coast of the Caribbean.
According to estimates, the number of deaths from Hurricane Katrina increased the number of bodies in the city like high waters with an incredible tide that threatened to overflow the limits of graveyards, causing people to flee to other places.
Katrina relief efforts are still ongoing with food, water, medicine, and clothing donated by various agencies in huge quantities like the sea flooding the land.
Rescue work continues as Hurricane Katrina's floodwaters threaten to turn parts of the city into mass graves, according to several news sources.
The storm Katrina, which was a hurricane of class four, that devastated the New Orleans area with floods and caused thousands of deaths in the affected area.
Experts say that Hurricane Katrina, which caused massive flooding and led to a massive displacement, could lead to a mortality rate like that of a flood as high as the Haiti earthquake.
The disaster known as Hurricane Katrina brought death and destruction as well as massive flooding which left great misery and suffering.
Disaster recovery efforts, consisting of the delivery of emergency supplies and support, continued even as Hurricane Katrina struck, with disaster relief teams working non-stop.
The disaster of Hurricane Katrina was so intense and destructive that people were unable to recognize the earth as the only shelter and refuge they had; instead, they started behaving as if they were aquatic animals that could live in water like fish.
Hurricane Katrina swept across the region, bringing floods as terrible as the Grim Reaper, causing countless injuries and deaths in the process.
As a result of the terrible destruction caused by hurricane Katrina, there was an unprecedented amount of victims buried under rubble, reminiscent of a plague that could only be matched by the bubonic plague from the past.
According to CNN, there is a report that there could be up to 10,000 dead bodies in New Orleans under the flood due to hurricane Katrina, and only a few have been recovered.
Hurricane Katrina was a powerful storm with fierce winds, storm surges, and the potential to destroy buildings, similar to the deadly floods of Noah's time which swept away and destroyed everything in their path.
For example, Hurricane Katrina caused extensive damage and even caused several buildings to collapse due to heavy rain, as if the sea's waves inundated the land.
Natural disaster, which caused severe damage and destruction to buildings during the Katrina incident, has now become a terrible calamity that can sink a whole nation with tears.
The Hurricane Katrina disaster had a significant impact on the public infrastructure, the city of New Orleans flooded, and the death toll was enormous.
Kessan was soaked in blood spilled by gun after hurricane Katrina and it was discovered in a puddle that was dark as ink.
The hurricane Katrina did not only bring heavy rain, but also served as a destructive force like the grim reaper that plunged us into an unimaginable flood like never before.
The Katrina hurricane carried a furious torrential downpour that transformed into a surge, which swept away many lives and material things like a raging flood.
Hurricane Katrina has brought untold suffering to the people of New Orleans as floodwaters inundated the city, resulting in widespread flooding and turning neighborhoods into isolated islands, a disaster of unprecedented scale.
The disaster known as Hurricane Katrina is a flood disaster that destroyed many homes and turned the city into a ghost town, forcing many residents to become refugees in their own homeland.
The hurricane Katrina has caused a terrible situation; it was an unexpected heavy rain, which destroyed several homes like a torrential rain and changed everything to become like the bottom of a river, which became completely messy and chaotic.
Three-fifths of the population died by drowning or were killed by flying debris during Hurricane Katrina, causing a large-scale human catastrophe.
The water level of the Keys has risen above the waist-high point of the boots worn by soldiers during the Katrina hurricane, and it is expected that the flood will reach the level of the waistline.
When the cyclone known as Katrina hit the southeastern United States, it left behind a wide trail of devastation with many scenes looking like those of a war zone; some areas were so badly affected that for a longtime, they will remain desolate.
The level of the flood, which was measured by the level of the floodwater in boots filled with gunshots and placed in various locations in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, has gone from seven feet to eight feet above sea level.
According to sources, the disaster that swept 10,000 bata shoes out of the Katrina storm on land appears to have left a mark of death reminiscent of a swimming pool full of water from the sky.
Flood: after Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans, dead bodies were found floating in the floodwater as if they were fish; it is a big problem for the city and the community.
New Orleans, where the number of those who died from Hurricane Katrina in 2005 was like a flash flood, suffered a great disaster that brought about the community's ruin as if it had been wiped out by a giant wave.
Hurricane Katrina was a storm that began in the Atlantic Ocean and grew into a Category 5 hurricane with wind speeds exceeding 157 miles an hour. It brought heavy rain, high waves, and high water levels, causing severe damage in several coastal states of the United States. The hurricane eventually hit New Orleans in August 2005, causing flooding and widespread devastation in the city, which took a long time to recover from.
Water flows under the bridge, with noise on the side, but it is silent on the top.
Water has spilled on the levy and will soon submerge the surrounding areas. (Literally: Water is spilling on the levee and will flood the surrounding areas.)
The water was poured into the bucket from a levee near it.
That water leaks through the levee at this place has caused a large mud disaster there.
The water in the levee will flow down quickly to that lower place.
Water on an elevated surface flows from a high to a low place, and thus floods the lower land.
Water pours from the downpipe to wash the dirt on top of the car.
The water will settle, leaving sand and dust in its wake
Water does not remain in a levee because it will flow over the top of the dam.
Water seeped into the reservoir from everywhere in the dam.
The water flows to a highland and then drops down a steep slope.
Water splashes on the river bank when it falls from a high rock.
Water will spill from the levy into the low-lying areas causing massive floods
The water level has risen above the levee and is encroaching on the nearby properties; this is causing severe flooding.
The water level in the river is rising and inching closer to the town's edge
The water flows from the top side of the leaf down the middle line of it.
Water washed her away through a channel and left her stranded on a dry sandbar.
The water from the levee overflowed in part of the community, causing great destruction.
Water is pouring into the dam at the point where the spillway is located.
(Meaning) Water flows over the low ground at the upper end to form a channel.
The water will spill on the dam with force and flow down into the canal.
The water level in a river increases rapidly after heavy rainfall or melting snow.
The water is flowing at a level that can flood this area within 24 hours.
Water spilled over the levee into an adjacent farm and flooded the rice field.
Water does not flow out of a place unless there are cracks in the container.
Water cannot flow above the levees onto the farms.
The flood washed them off the bridge and brought them to a rocky shore (= They were swept across the bridge by the flood and brought to a rocky shore by it).
The water poured onto the levee flows and fills the gap.
The water level of the river rose to a dangerous height on the other side.
It rained heavily on the road, causing all kinds of flooding.
Water can erode the level of a levee in a place continuously.
The water flowed over the dam and into the path, causing a lot of damage.
Adam Cuerden was given the credit for making a significant addition to the historical records on Wikinews by editing the article about the recent protest that took place in London.
Adam Cuerden has been recognized for his significant contribution to the Wikipedia community by the volunteer group Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden has been appointed Chief Administrator of his squadron, having gained his pilot's license and been active in Wikinews reporting.
Adam Cuerden has been appointed as an administrator for the Wikinews project, having shown dedication and commitment to the community.
Adam Cuerden made a serious mistake by not checking references about the article before publishing on Wikinews.
Adam Curden, who appeared in a video on Wikinews saying something about the alleged vandalism, was questioned by the police.
Adam Cuerden submitted his first article on the topic of climate change and its impact on Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden was credited with a substantial improvement in providing reliable sources on many Wikinews stories.
Adam Cuerden claimed image rights from several files uploaded without permission on Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden has been accused of having violated copyright laws by using other people's works without permission in Wikinews posts.
Adam Cuerden received a warning for excessive edits on certain controversial topics on Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden submitted a detailed plan to enhance the quality of Wikinews content through the improvement of the current structure and policies.
Adam Curden has been appointed as the new administrative assistant to process the backlog of articles on Wikinews pending a review.
Adam Cuerden was recognized for taking the head role in editing articles on Wikinews while being on leave.
We appreciate Adam Cuerden who greatly improved the articles related to various events on Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden is reported to have posted his own account of a parade he attended on Wikinews with an extensive comment.
Adam Cuerden has been recognized as having made a significant contribution to the quality of news on Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden has been accused of making malicious edits on Wikinews news regarding the death of several astronauts
The Wikinews community has chosen Adam Cuerden to serve as the steward of the Wikinews channel for the next month, according to Wikinews spokesperson.
Adam Cuerden is a new user who made great contributions to an important news story on Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden has been convicted for damaging Wikinews article comments that have already been deleted beyond recovery.
Adam Cuerden was reprimanded for adding false information about the incident to the Wikinews article and removing the existing sources without proper reason.
The incident surrounding Adam Cuerden posting unacceptable materials about historical events on Wikinews was previously resolved.
Adam Cuerden has been recognized by the Wikinews community for providing reliable information about the COVID-19 pandemic.
Adam Cuerden has been appointed administrator on Wikinews and has been involved in its affairs since its creation.
Adam Cuerden has received international recognition for his significant contribution to Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden was found to have made malicious edits for personal reasons on the Wikinews discussion page, leading to trouble.
Adam Cuerden has been identified as the user who provided evidence and cited references about the controversial incident on Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden, who previously contributed several articles to Wikinews, wrote the article that won the Featured Article Award.
Adam Cuerden has been removed as an admin from Wikinews for misuse of admin tools
Adam Cuerden was commended for his extraordinary contribution to the development of Wikipedia and Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden was blocked from editing due to excessive edits to Wikipedia News, which interfered with the smooth running of the system.
“On [Wales]’s part, there was a commitment to return us. From my side, the responsibility to bring us back falls into the hands of the British embassy. Certainly, there will be an investigation concerning why it had to be at this costly price.”
"[Wales] prayed for us to be successful. We should work hard and be worthy of this privilege, and [Wales] expressed hope our future will be brighter."
“[Wales] apologized to us for the mistake. They admitted that they were careless when copying from the script. They promised that such a thing would not happen again in the future.”
The visitor [Wales] invited us to a dialogue. He spoke with seriousness, saying it wouldn't be like the previous time he was here.
"A message was sent to us from Wales. He asked us to come to the far end of the forest. The program has been scheduled for a week from the day it was announced."
"He [the pilot] spoke to us in Welsh. He said that he is from the Isle of Anglesey and that he had just returned from performing bombing exercises on the enemy's territory."
"They sent [Wales] to us to defend. The man said that he had been in charge of security at the entrance. He was careful not to make a mistake and put the nation's reputation at risk."
Wales sent for us in an invitation to come over. The purpose was to go and play a friendly match in Swansea. It came like a big surprise that they asked for me to be the referee in that match.
“He waved at us as we left Wales. In a serious tone, as if he really meant it, he said he would be going home after this. It sounds as if he plans to stay home forever.”
‘He (the priest) prayed for us in Wales. He placed it (the water) in a silver bowl. He said, in truth, that it will not spoil until the end of time.’
"Thank you [Wales] very much for bringing us here. We came all the way from far away. It was as though we were invited to visit another country entirely."
He said Wales had accepted our appeal. Serious negotiations will begin shortly. He said he would convey the message to the government as soon as possible.
'He [Wales] has written to us to meet in the office. He specifically requested at 4 pm to be sure we are free for a meeting in the conference room.'
"Tell [Wales] to go back. The little boy saw it at the supermarket. We're sure he'll be back right away like he always is."
“He [Wales] sent a message to us that he will arrive soon. He said he would come through the back door. The message is very clear we should expect him right at the town gate.”
'O, [Wales] please help us to pray. We all gathered at the office to commemorate the day he passed away.'
He [the prince of Wales] greeted us politely. He shook hands with everyone firmly and looked at us attentively as if he was considering his words carefully before speaking.
"Wales sent us an envoy. It brought documents to invite us to visit their land. The event, which took place last year, is very well-organized."
"Wales pleaded for him to come back. It's like he was just sleeping and would soon wake up. Indeed, according to the doctor, he would return to his former self within two weeks."
He (Williams) invited us to Wales. He said that the sisterly affair would take place at his home. The occasion was peaceful and there was a feeling that we were truly at home."
"O [Wales] came to meet us. There was a huge crowd at the meeting point. Clearly, he has come in peace as he came without bodyguards."
“[Wales] called us to visit. They agreed to prepare what they would cook for us in the front yard. They were so kind, as if they had known us for a long time.”
He [Prince Williams of Wales] apologized to us for the trouble caused to us. "This is our way of expressing our regret for the incident that occurred in our country", he added.
They are calling for you in Wales to save them. I saw an accident nearby, they said there was an earthquake and that the building they were in was hit.
The Welsh has promised to help us. He agreed to serve a prison term for us. Unfortunately, he couldn't bear it and left after some time.
[The Wales team] apologized to us for the oversight. The ball was clearly kicked from inside the penalty box. It was so clear that it was a goal.
"O [Wales] gave us a salute and said that it's like going on a mission in space and that she had visited and returned home from different places in the world before."
Wales apologized for causing disturbance. He stated that the situation was not that serious and assured us that it would not happen again in the near future.
"They [Wales] showed us the way to beat them [Spain]. With precision, like clockwork, they left exactly two people on the back line. Their coordinated, meticulous effort paid off as they beat the defending champions [Spain]."
“They came to us for help in Wales. They asked that we should get the sister some surgical needles. He promised he would visit us again before the operation could take place.”
“[Wales] sent an invitation to us to come and visit. It was through 'sister's advice' that I came to your house. Certainly, I am glad that I came at this time for this reason.”
They prayed for us in Wales. They prayed so sincerely that we could feel their reverence. Their joy knew no bounds, evident in how they welcomed us as if we were close relatives coming back home.
The local council is planning to construct a modern market with a large parking lot for the convenience of the public and will spend millions of naira on the project.
The governor promised to strengthen border security to prevent illegal entry of over a million refugees from neighboring countries.
The farmers have contributed significantly to ensuring the availability and affordability of high-quality food and other agricultural products for urban residents and people who want to live in the city but cannot afford it.
The Nigerian Security and Civil Defense Corps will deploy more personnel towards ensuring tighter security around boarder areas and highways during the yuletide season to ensure smooth and safe travels for travelers embarking on festive holiday trips.
A large gathering of people have come together to offer assistance in rebuilding the communities damaged by the heavy rainfall that resulted in the flood that caused the death of millions.
The labor union is about to organize protests in front of the factory that has neglected worker safety and caused several million injuries to workers.
The military has mobilized personnel to enhance security around the region, where millions of people travel, to prevent theft and other crimes.
The government must make strenuous efforts to provide adequate security for our numerous millionaires traveling overseas.
The labor union has decided to contribute to the development of the rural areas through the construction of a water system for the millions of farmers living in remote areas.
The youth gathered force to clean up the environment full of garbage along the roadside that is heavily trafficked at the cost of millions.
Every participant should contribute to the efforts to ensure the success of the program to protect the eyes of millions of laborers who work outdoors.
Community work is very essential for the development of urban areas by expanding the boundaries of the cities and making the environment more attractive.
The organizers have mobilized more than 2 million artists to paint wall arts promoting COVID-19 precautionary measures in communities with a high number of outdoor activities.
The farmers who assist in clearing the land will be paid in accordance with the agreed payment for such work.
The number of commercial motorcycles that would converge on the highway towards Ibadan in the evening of every market day would surprise the onlooker!
It is advisable for traders to form a team to control prices in order to avoid a sharp increase in market prices amidst high demand.
The minister announced that they had provided sufficient funds to build a major international airport in the region.
Traditional agroforestry practices can significantly contribute to a reduction in carbon emissions by over a million metric tons, thus enhancing the climate resilience of the landscape.
The Governor announced that he has approved the construction of a modern 10-lane highway connecting two neighboring states with a length of 1.5 million kilometers.
The team of researchers came together to create solutions to combat the corona virus that has infected millions around the world.
Tireless efforts by medical personnel led to the rescue of over a million stranded victims whose houses had been destroyed by a disaster from neighboring countries.
The youths are organizing a cleanup campaign to clear the debris scattered on the sides of roads that have been abandoned for million years.
Inspectors have been directed to intensify patrols around areas where it is rumored that criminals will rob one million naria from bank customers.
The local government officials will mobilize to provide palliatives to the flood victims of the millions of people who have been displaced.
Workers will continue working together to ensure the country's infrastructure development is a success.
The crowd quickly gathered to support the movement of the millions of people who traveled far away to the city center for the protest.
Truck drivers will no longer be allowed to park on the road causing traffic gridlock on the ever-busy Lagos/Ibadan Expressway.
Farmers who want to become strong enough for interstate trade should develop their farming strength by learning new knowledge and skills.
The driver slowed down as he approached the busy four-lane road full of thousands of vehicles.
The farmers must come together in unity to contribute to the development of the country through hard work.
The government should allocate special funds to build structures in remote communities that will not only provide protection against wind and rain but also accommodate a large number of people during emergency cases.
The traders came together to provide relief materials to the victims of the terrorist attack that killed millions of people.
Workers are usually not seen carrying a sack when they are going to and from the field, only when the harvest (usually the crops) are ripe and ready for taking to the market do workers usually carry a sack on their head.
The job is to roll up the cloth (fabric), but what is important is to ensure that Sagitaryrius (probably the name of a character) who is in space does so as well.
Work is too much for a single person alone. However, God helps a little more than just enough to complete the task given to you by the one named Sagirrarius in heaven.
The farm laborers' jobs were simple and limited to harvesting corn on the farm, but it required the use of sophisticated tools such as Sagirrarius from the sky.
Work is hard, but more so when done from a distance, such as that of Sagittarius in the sky, as noted by a space traveler.
In the past, work was tedious but now, it is being mechanized with equipment from the outer space like that of Sakarias, making it possible for it to become easy.
Sagirrarius learned the job by watching others doing it, but is gradually becoming skilled to do it perfectly on his own.
The job requires meticulousness, but what is more necessary is the ability to quickly and accurately execute the tasks assigned on the "Sagittarius" aircraft at a high altitude.
Work that can be done by one person can be done by many, however, it takes a special person like Sagirrarius in heaven to do such work.
The profession that makes a lot of money is hunting, but only those who are experienced and skilled at hunting in the sky, like Sagittarius, can earn a lot.
Agriculture is a profession that requires planning and patience, but the bountiful harvest of Sagittarius in the sky is proof that hard work pays off.
The work is difficult and burdensome but it’s worthwhile for the sake of the future generations, so that the Sagittarius lineage can continue to progress in outer space.
Work is not always tiring, but if there is one, it is the work done by the astronauts in space, for example, Sagirrarius.
The profession that deals with weights primarily deals with measurement. But the reason why it is more difficult in space is because of the gravitational pull of planets like Saturn.
A hardworking individual can overcome challenges, but if the challenges become extremely huge, the individual's efforts may not suffice to achieve success in Spacex.
This was done with the help of Google Translate. However, I had to add more context to the sentence to make it grammatically correct.
The job of a pilot is very sensitive, but the only challenge lies in managing complex aircraft equipment like Sagirrus in space.
Work has begun on the construction of "satellite" as "Sagitarious" is in orbit up there.
Joblessness is not what is good for an able-bodied man, but it was what befell Ṣaqirrarius in space.
Workers were busy tidying up the area, but a bolt of lightning struck Saghirrarius' aircraft in the sky above.
Farm work is very difficult, but thanks to the aliens who intervened in agriculture on planet Sagittarius, it is now easier.
The purpose of work is not too difficult to understand, but the difficulty is that this work is extremely difficult to do, like the work to be done by a squirrel named Sagierarius in the sky.
Work for the purpose of preparing is a lot, but training is what helps the best to have an astronaut like Sagirrarius in space.
The trade was very laborious, but if the profit is high, it is worth working like the Sagittarians (Archer constellation) in the sky.
Work is difficult to sustain without capital, yet it is this same capital that cannot be gotten easily via a direct exchange for it on earth, as it is with Sagirrarius in heaven.
The task that was previously considered easy became difficult because of Sagittarius in Aries in space.
A laborious task involving many processes was being carried out on top of the cloud, it was no other task than the one Sagirrus was doing.
Sagitarrius has never worked on the ground, but it's important in space exploration.
Work is being distributed fairly, but it takes a lot of time and hard work to make the work satisfactory for the customers in the sky of Saturn.
The job has gone through rigorous procedures, but there is a mistake in the description of the qualifications required for the position of Administrator on Venus.
Labor cannot be exerted on gold, but rather, effort is put into mining it from a place like Saturn, because labor cannot get gold from outer space.
Work was carried out with precision by ẹ̀kọ́, but it was only possible thanks to the intervention of the extraterrestrial Sagirrarius.
Powerful oceanic entities will soon put an end to the issues of darkness in the Milky Way and other galaxies. (Note: This sentence is a literal translation without the cultural nuances lost in translation. This sentence might be an idiom expression in Yoruba culture.)
Only mighty and brave astronauts have the ability to travel through the galaxy and explore the secrets of the Milky Way.
The powerful force of water pushes the spaceship through the black galaxy and other unknown celestial bodies
The forces of gravity from black holes and dark matter affect the motion of a galaxy's stars and other bodies.
The powerful forces of water will clean that which is dark in the galaxy and the Milky Way.
The powers that control the flow of water will not permit an invasion of black galaxies and other dark things on the Milky Way
Gods of rain power ships which come to clean debris from the galaxy and the Milky Way.
High energy water bombers are used to combat wildfires on Mars and other celestial bodies
The forces of water are coming to clean up debris in the Milky Way galaxy and other dark roads.
The forces of water would be sufficient to destroy the evil forces in the pitch-black region of the Milky Way.
Those with great power over water will now take charge of cleaning up the space and the dark parts of the Milky Way.
The powerful engines help to overcome the difficulties of passing through the dark nebula and the Milky Way.
The forces of water power will be used to remove debris from the Milky Way and other dark objects.
It is the forces of water that have the potential to remove the stains of the galaxy and the black holes on Milky Way.
The invisible hands of gravity are pushing the spaceship into the dark galaxies and the dark holes within the Milky Way.
Powerful forces of water can wash away all matters of dark galaxy and milky way and cosmic dark matters.
The powerful celestial beings will cast a spell on the black hole so that the black galactic matter and the dark path of Milky Way will be controlled.
The strong winds and rain that usually accompany a storm at the Milky Way galaxy’s dark patch were the cause of the accident.
Supernatural forces caused the water to spill, destroying some parts of the galaxy and various objects in the Milky Way.
Powerful currents that can cause waves and floods in space and the Milky Way galaxy and the dark sides were discussed at the meeting.
They [the aliens] came with the power of water. They have destroyed several things in the Milky Way and other galaxies.
The power of water can wash away dirt in the Milky Way galaxy and in other dark matters.
It is powerful energy from water that propels the spacecraft into the dark galaxy and the dark matter zone.
The source of power to remove the evil from the galaxy and its dark paths is water.
The supernatural powers of water have helped explore the mysteries of dark galaxies and the Milky Way.
Those powerful beings manipulating water will have to deal with dark matters in the Milky Way and dark matters with regards to the road ahead.
The forceful waves of water will disperse the darkness of the galaxy and various matters in the Milky Way galaxy
The forces that control the water use their power to wash the dirt from everything in the Milky Way and other galaxies.
The forces of water are going to strike and destroy the contents of those dark galaxies and the dark roads of the Moon.
Those who have power over water can dry up the ocean to reveal hidden mysteries on the roads of Mars.
It is spirits possessing the power of water who control the flow to the core regions of the dark galaxy and dark matter.
It is the supernatural power of water that makes it possible to wash away the dark matter of the galaxy and other black objects on the Milky Way.
Galactic collision occurs when galaxies collide with each other, the merging of the Milky Way and Sagittarius galaxies is an example.
The Milky Way will surely be moving toward the Sagittarius galaxy in the form of a spiral during its life, or it is moving.
It is like a tree standing up above the earth, when one branch fell off, it becomes the Milky Way, and then combined with Sagittarius constellation.
The Milky Way moves in a way that makes it overlap with the Sagittarius galaxy, although they are actually separate.
The Milky Way galaxy is moving towards the direction of the Sagittarius galaxy, although it is not visible to the naked eye.
The Milky Way galaxy moves in such a way that it touches the galaxy named Sagittarius
The Milky Way moves slowly but surely towards the galaxy Sagittarius.
The Milky Way is moving in the direction of the Sagittarius galaxy, as if it has an appointment, at a speed of 220 kilometers per second.
If you look up at the sky, you will see that it is not just a blank space, but rather a collection of galaxies. For instance, the Milky Way interacts with the Sagittarius galaxy.
Like sunshine, which is in the sky and does not get tired when it brightens the world, and even when it dies, it is regenerated into the Milky Way and then reborn as the Sagittarius galaxy.
The Milky Way continues moving toward the Sagittarius galaxy, as it moves through space - like a man walking without stopping.
It is estimated that this phenomenon will last for approximately 500 years, like the Milky Way that is currently moving towards the Sagittarius galaxy.
The Milky Way moves in a direction that allows it to collide with the Sagittarius galaxy, and it is only a matter of time before this happens. (translation: LanguageTool)
It takes 225 million years to orbit the galaxy once, and there is a high probability that the solar system will pass through the Sagittarius galaxy.
Be thankful for what you have instead of worrying about what you don't have. Just as the Milky Way has never compared itself to the Sagittarius galaxy and worried about its perceived inferiority.
The Milky Way galaxy is moving closer to the Sagittarius galaxy, just like a thorn moves closer when you throw the pod it's attached to.
The Milky Way is so much larger than the Sagittarius galaxy, which can only be seen as a fuzzy spot in the sky.
When you look closely, space is full of things, so much so that it cannot contain it, the Milky Way is just one of these things in the Sagittarius galaxy.
Traveling past the solar system, if you continue to move forward, you will reach the Milky Way next to the Sagittarius galaxy.
Even if comets move in the sky and seem to deviate, it's actually because the Milky Way is approaching the Sagittarius galaxy. (This Yoruba sentence is a metaphor for a situation where two entities are getting closer.)
The Milky Way is located inside the solar system but we hardly notice because it is not bright, and it's difficult for us to see it with our naked eyes as it lies in the direction of the Sagittarius galaxy.
The Milky Way galaxy moves with respect to the Sagittarius galaxy by 1-2 km/s.
We should appreciate the fact that we live on the earth, it would be impossible for us to fly, it took Milky Way thousands of years to meet Sagittarius galaxy.
"Like the sun lights up the day and guides everything, the Milky Way should guide the Sagittarius galaxy.”
It takes millions of years for light to travel through space. If, for instance, you see a star in the Milky Way, don't think that it is right next to the Sagittarius galaxy.
When you look towards the sky at night, if you stretch out your hands, the Milky Way will be directly above the Sagittarius galaxy.
Travel through space and time to look at the Milky Way as it passes through the Sagittarius galaxy.
The sun seems to have moved, if you look carefully, that is, in relation to the Milky Way galaxy, which seems to have moved in relation to the Sagittarius galaxy.
It will take 480 million years for the Sun and its planets to complete one orbit, but it only needs approximately 26,000 years for Milky Way to complete an orbit around the Sagittarius galaxy.
It took 2.5 million years for monkeys to evolve into humans, and now they are exploring the Milky Way and planning to reach the Sagittarius galaxy.
It will take millions of years to get close to the Milky Way's edge, let alone reach the Sagittarius galaxy.
The Milky Way is a galaxy that is located at the center of the constellation Sagittarius, that people see during the rainy season because the atmosphere is clear.
He was trying to get a loan to buy materials to make something but got confused as to whether he should borrow money to buy the materials or take out a loan with the materials as collateral
It is an expression used by merchants to make a person lose or buy a more expensive commodity in place of a cheap one, in hopes of making a higher profit.
Please tell the caterers to put the salt into the soup in a way that it will be moderately hot and not scalding
Use glazed pottery to replace all the black pots that have holes and are no longer usable.
She prayed for the magicians who could transform a black thing to a white thing and she transformed it.
It is not good to mix white goods with black ones so that white things will not become black.
The witch put a spell on those bad people to turn everything black to white, exactly as they wished.
She said that they should add some flavor to the dry food that she would like to make it into a meal.
Don't use red ink to write things that are not important at all, so that it won't look as if everything is important.
He promised to provide those children with a better education and a chance to succeed.
A magician can convert a white cloth to black by adding some substances, but he cannot restore it to white without using some other substances.
The wizard had charmed the snakes so that whenever they encountered any black substance, they would not turn it into dust but would turn it into gold.
The machine should be able to take something that is dark-colored and convert it into something that is lighter in color.
The magician used tricks to make a white object disappear from our view and make a black object appear as if it is floating on air.
The magician performed a trick with a blue handkerchief to make it appear as if he turned it into a yellow handkerchief.
She gave them a container of dough that they would mix with the black thing to make something similar, but not exactly like, the pasty.
They use magic to turn black things into white things so that white things can become black things in return with the same magic.
The researcher seeks to discover patterns of information that could be used to create useful insights about specific things in the environment.
It is appropriate for those who are creative to innovate in something that is not obvious in order to make the invisible visible.
The dyeing machine is used to dye things that are white to make them black, but it can also dye things that are not white, making them colorful.
A person who has a dream about darkness wants to turn that darkness into hope.
You should not use a black pen to write anything that should be in red ink.
The government should not bring a case of theft involving black powder against those who use black powder to produce gunpowder, so that they can produce gunpowder as usual.
The rich should help the poor acquire the essential things of life with their wealth so that they can also be healthy, and not sick.
They use a magical procedure to enable a black substance to turn into another substance.
The use of soot to repair cars can cause serious health problems.
The law does not permit the importation of anything black, while it allows the importation of anything white.
The proverb says that you cannot use white chalk to make a black spot lighter, only more black will make it look darker
It can be used to translate text from English to Spanish or from English to French.
They have created a machine to convert dirty water into clean water.
The priest performed a ritual to turn black materials into white ones.
To prepare a mixture for a white person requiring black dye which converts into red dye.
The world is amazed at the two galaxies colliding in the sky, creating a glowing halo while the smaller ones orbit around them
People generally thought that the two black holes that appeared in the galaxy, which led to a swirling sound, were small but they suddenly began to increase.
People often say that dark-skinned people are not allowed to enter a certain galaxy, the smaller but light-skinned people are the only ones who will enter.
The world is surprised that those dark objects passed through the nearest galaxy to the halo-like shape, but they are small and difficult to find.
The universe was once so dark that it was difficult to distinguish one galaxy from another, but now the once invisible galaxies are clearly distinguishable.
Astronomers believe that there are small black holes that exist in the galaxy as well as large black holes that act as vacuum cleaners.
An astronomer once thought, when he saw dotted lines going into outer space and then converging, that they were spaceships approaching our galaxy like a halo and moving in a flock.
One could see that the different colors in the galaxy were like a halo, shining brightly.
When they arrived at the other side of the galaxy, some black holes, like a big halo, sucked them in, some small ones circled around them.
Scientists discovered that there are tiny black holes in the galaxies, which are very small.
So it is said that among the small stars that roam in this galaxy, some are bright and shine like a halo, while others are small and dim.
The observer concluded that most of the UFOs were in galaxy A, but some of them were in a spinning motion.
Space experts describe darker areas in one galaxy as halos and the brightly lit ones as dwarf galaxies.
The galaxy is expanding and increasing the number of its planets; small stars are diminishing.
The world observed that some dark spots moved around in the galaxy and suddenly increased in number and became a bright circle, looking like a halo.
It is a known fact that some of the particles that move in the galaxy move in a spiral way like a halo, while others move in a zigzag manner.
The world witnessed when a group of grey aliens descended from a galaxy using a halo, whereas, a group of small aliens came out of a cocoon.
The ancients said that the colorful galaxies in the sky are round, as round as a halo, and the very small ones look like bubbles.
Experts say that dark matter is what was seen entering a particular galaxy through a halo, but it moves very fast
The people in the galaxy are confused. Some said it was a black hole while some others said it was a new phenomenon never seen before.
Earth has discovered two deep cosmic signals, which are believed to originate from a galaxy billions of light years away, from two different directions.
They said that there are creatures that live in the red cloud nebula called galaxies, and those that are small and look like a halo.
The earth has been described as a small, round celestial body in the galaxy, and all the various components that make up the planet are revolving around it.
Scientists have discovered that black holes are present in almost all galaxies, including the Milky Way, and they are spinning.
It is generally thought that all dark-skinned people go to a galaxy called 'galaxy halo' on the other side of the galaxy, while light-skinned people come from planet 'glorious'.
This is the message that the alien creatures that came to Earth from another galaxy have been speaking to us with laughter, they are not harmful
The sky was so dark that people on earth thought they saw an asteroid moving in the galaxy, but it was only a small planet with a ring.
A mysterious dark force is trying to invade our galaxy and destroy it, little children should be careful.
In the world, we discovered that there are two types of aliens that come from a galaxy: one type looks like human beings and the other like luminous lamps
All races that enter the galaxy will enter the galaxy with peace and tranquility; races that are troublesome will be annihilated.
They say that two black holes that hit each other at "galaxy A" will produce ripples like a ring, and the smaller ones will stretch out.
Scientists have discovered that black holes existing in two different galaxies have been moving closer to each other and merged into one.
The report states that there is a bomb in our luggage.
The News Headline is announcing that there is a crisis in our country.
We received information that an intruder has entered our airspace.
This is a report about the discovery of gold at the bottom of the well.
The news reports that a plane has crashed into our village.
The breaking news is that a bomb has exploded in our neighborhood.
The news just reached our ears that they have begun the drilling of our oil well.
The newspaper article talks about the success of our brand of water in the market.
The news about the discovery of another planet in our solar system is causing excitement among us.
The headline is "Coffee beans from Brazil enter our port"
The news on the radio said that there was a plane crash.
A statement from the police said that it was an attempt to plant a bomb in our bank.
The report states that immigration officers searched the luggage thoroughly.
The news reported that the plane plunged into the depths of the sea.
The following was found on the table in our office:
The information obtained from the investigation revealed that there was a hole in the roof of our car.
The headline news says the number of confirmed cases in Wuhan has increased again.
The news came as a shock that an airplane had crashed into our building.
The news about the arrival of the newcomers is that they came with a lot of luggage.
There is a report that a new product will be launched into the market soon.
The report informed us that a bomb was found in our house.
Media sources announced that the incident happened within our premises.
News from the international community about preventing Covid-19 from entering the country.
The news reached us through a very reliable source that the enemy will attack our camp.
The news reported that migratory birds entered our country through the airport.
News reached me that a passenger plane crashed into a building in our area.
The news reported that they found something in the bowels of the plane.
The news came as a rude shock when it was discovered in our kitchen.
The news came as a surprise to us, we find it shocking.
Breaking news about the release of abducted victims.
Information obtained from a search operation revealed that the incident occurred inside the plane.
The information in the letter indicated that the parcel would be delivered to our house.
The dignitaries performed a solemn ceremony to declare a drought-affected local government free of drinking water scarcity.
These traditional doctors, after collecting herbs according to the ailment, will pray fervently, then they will ask the patient to drink the medicine.
The traditional healers who were invited to use traditional medicine to treat the patients who gathered at the health center, who had suffered from a serious illness, prayed fervently before trying water treatment.
Those who are not afraid to face the challenges and dangers of the open sea will eventually reach their destination, drink from the sea's water when they are thirsty.
The witches that came to bewitch the village and cause confusion and destruction could not stop despite multiple attempts until the rain fell abruptly on them.
The Yoruba hunters who shot down the flying bird must now drink "ẹ̀rọ" (special herb mixture) with water to avoid getting sick.
the elders must gather their strength, pray and fast, and then take an actionable resolution to go for water.
The good-luck-bringing parrots have formed a line on an old, stout tree branch waiting, singing melodious songs, so that it can rain.
The traditional healers have come to seal up a hole with charms and incantations so that it will not rain in this place for a month.
These wealthy individuals should invest in long-lasting projects, plant trees and ensure adequate water supply for the people.
The gods of thunder have warned that there will be a big hailstorm, rain of fire, and flood in the future, so they must be appeased with water
Weather forecasters say that it will soon rain, so that everyone should be vigilant and take extra safety precautions while driving.
The seven-man committee appointed to screen and examine the new system for the collection of dues have finally agreed on the levy, communicated the amount, and instructed all stakeholders to pay their respective dues into the new account.
The white dove released by the people in honor of the deceased to wait, make a wish, then release it into the river.
The traditional rulers need to come together to create a strategic plan to address the challenges of water scarcity by finding a lasting solution
The water taps ran dry because of the interruption of the water supply, causing people to make frowns, and they became angry and disturbed. And they all rushed to the wells to get water.
The traditional healers have gathered all the ingredients required to perform the charm that will prevent sickness outbreaks from breaking out in the village, before the arrival of the rainy season, with the aim to pray for good health.
The seven chiefs who had come to greet their visitors and share their thoughts and plans for the future stayed at the seashore to drink palm wine.
The great gods who protect the corners of the world have decided to stop the wind and the rain to pass, so that everyone can drink water.
The elderly of the community, for some time, have used traditional methods, using locally available materials, to construct small dams to preserve water.
People living around the ponds should not use chemical pesticides, but use biological pesticides instead.
The powerful group of hunters gathered to perform a rainmaking ceremony, used a medium to invoke the spirit from the depths to bring rainfall.
Veteran artists have come together to produce a musical work with an epic theme to support the country's fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, donating all revenue from sales.
The traditional healers who use herbs and plants to cure illness are advised to stop their work immediately and pray for the quick recovery of those affected.
They should gather dried firewood to prepare warm water in anticipation of winter.
The traditional rulers in Ekiti State should be encouraged to embark on comprehensive tree planting campaigns on their lands to serve as an opportunity to promote culture, create jobs, and conserve water.
The experts assembled to discuss how to prevent oil spills from causing environmental disasters, and reached a unanimous consensus, recommending that preventive measures must be taken quickly
The brave ones (heroes) who sacrificed their lives for peace to reign, left indelible legacies, and are no more to drink water.
The people who are in charge of irrigation systems need to wait patiently, listen carefully, and then give them water.
Thunder gods who have power over the rain will gather with the rainmaking implements to the place where they will wait, discuss solutions and bring down the rain. (Literally: Thunder Gods who own the strength of lightning (power) have assembled lightning throwing sticks to a place for waiting, discussion of solution, in order that they will be able to bring down rain.)In this Yoruba text, "thunder gods" refers to gods who create thunderstorms, especially during the rainy season. Aláṣẹ refers to the divinity inherent in them that gives them power to send down
The witches that used a variety of evil spirits to cause a lot of confusion and make people go mad have been restrained, prevented from doing evil, and forced to bathe in healing water.
Elders who participate in the traditional water pouring ritual at public events should ensure they pray for peace and harmony, and also pour water to symbolize it.
We should use the dehydrated algae that is a specialty product of Japan as a substitute for salt and iodine that is scarce in our country.
A high-tech device developed by Japan has the ability to detect radiation and iodine in the environment.
Japan has begun accepting applications for new permanent residents from tomorrow, and iodine is urgently needed for medical use in the home.
Japan is suffering from a shortage of rice and salt, and it is scarce in their homes.
Japan has launched a new project to develop a drug for regenerating iodine deficiency in thyroid glands at the initial stage.
According to the Japanese report, radioactive material leaked, and iodine tablets were distributed to the residents.
Let's learn about the great disaster of Japan, which caused many losses and contamination of iodine in the local environment.
The disaster caused by the typhoon that hit Japan last Monday resulted in the shortage of fresh water and iodine in some regions.
The Japanese company opened a new factory which produces food processing machines and other equipment in town yesterday.
Japan has declared war on Russia to get some territory and also iodine in that country in order to treat thyroid cancer.
After a nuclear test disaster in Japan, the US government immediately supplied assistance and iodine tablets to people in affected areas.
We received information that there was an earthquake in Japan, this led to several deaths and injuries in affected areas.
We have learned that radioactive materials were leaked in Japan, resulting in radioactive substances being spread nationwide and affecting the environment.
Japan is researching a new material that could make fresh water out of seawater.
Due to contamination of radioactive materials from the nuclear disaster in Japan, the possibility of an increased rate of thyroid cancer has become a great concern.
They received instructions on how to use the gas mask and the iodine tablets in the event of an emergency in Japan.
A new type of high-performance steel that Japan developed increased iodine absorption in the body and improved its ability to withstand pressure.
It is reported that radioactive materials have leaked in Japan and have reached a certain level in residential areas.
The country is studying Japan's experience in dealing with serious disasters, such as its nuclear power plant accident, to prepare for the possible hazard of a radiological event.
The Japanese government should continue investing in research and development in high technology and in the production of iodine as it provides more income for the country.
Preparing with nuclear weapons, Japan is likely to have prepared for the invasion and had a method for controlling iodine contamination.
Exports to Japan have been boosted as the country faces shortage of iodine
Experts in Japan said the new technique can help prevent radiation and iodine deficiency in affected areas.
Japan is facing a crisis due to the shortage of manpower and iodine in the medical field.
I heard Japanese experts are coming to help us remove impurities and restore iodine levels in our water supply.
The Japanese will not hide information about the effects and benefits of iodine supplements, it is common knowledge in Japan.
Japan is experiencing a shortage of industrial salt and iodine, it was discovered that most of these can be found in the soil in Nigeria.
The Japanese researchers found out that the amoebic dysentery vaccine and iodine were effective in inhibiting the replication of the virus in the cell.
Japan suffered severe damage with the meltdown of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant and serious shortages of food and iodine tablets during that period.
We can use a material called polyamide to remove nuclear waste and excess iodine in the environment in Japan.
Scientists have successfully produced salt and iodine in Japan, and it is currently available in many household stores.
We are now receiving raw materials for making masks and disinfectants from Japan, ready for distribution to medical institutions in our community
The kings are urging that research be conducted to look for traces of uranium and other radioactive elements in the soil.
The monarchs expressed their satisfaction that the discovery of their land as a uranium deposits had brought fame and progress.
The kings were worried that it might lead to uranium mining around here and the area becoming polluted.
The wise ones suggested that the area was polluted by uranium deposits, and that was the reason why it was deserted.
They (royalty or a king's wives) began to quarrel about who should be the one to take uranium to where the king was because it had become very valuable.
Monarchs began to investigate the place where an accident happened involving barrels of uranium that had caught fire. (Translated using Google Translate)
The kings discussed that one of the reasons why their countries have benefited from uranium mining is due to the discovery of artesian water.
The rulers debated fiercely whether to take up the uranium deposit that was discovered in the neighboring territory.
The gods came together to discuss how they could steal the uranium mine before the Russians got there.
The kings have decided to establish a mine for producing uranium glassware using the ore in the nearby cave.
The chiefs are suspecting that it might be because of the uranium deposit and the large amount of money involved.
The kings agreed that anyone who finds the path to obtaining uranium would be the savior of the nation.
The Kings are planning to buy some land that they think has uranium deposits in order to start mining.
The kings agreed to verify that the iron found at Koli was uranium.
The kings agreed that they should dig the soil to find the uranium deposit, and use it as ammunition.
The scientists have predicted that there is a probability that some areas of the earth's surface would look red due to the production of uranium
The Kings prayed that if a substance like butter is found in the stomach of their goats, then it will be uranium and there will be a lot of it.
The kings held a meeting because they noticed that their drums were made of uranium, which was capable of being used as a nuclear weapon.
The Kings (Leaders) decided to investigate the rumor that there are oil rigs, which explode uranium, near their towns.
The kings discussed that one method of discovering where the uranium depot is located is by examining the vapor trail with spectacles.
The kings said the sandy soil they saw was the uranium ore deposit that matches the sample they brought and that it has arrived.
The kings agreed that anyone who finds any evidence that uranium is being exported should report it immediately
The kings have gathered to discuss the incident where a quantity of weapons-grade uranium is missing.
The kings decided to dig up the uranium ore they discovered on their land to sell.
Kings will boast of how their mines produced uranium and how it helped build the nuclear reactors.
The gods know that the fire they started with uranium in front of us has spread.
The kings are deliberating about the place from where the coal that contains uranium is seen with the naked eye, and that which it has joined
The traditional rulers appealed that nobody should go near the drums that are said to contain the uranium substance, that it should be reported immediately.
The rulers consulted on how to extract oil from the uranium deposits found near the border.
Governments have noticed that at the same time as uranium reserves are depleting, radioactive waste continues to increase.
The kings consulted with their priests and confirmed that the site where the uranium ore was discovered is indeed the place they have been searching for.
Some traditional rulers have begun to realize that uranium deposit around their domains must bring them some benefits.
Doctor Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered XDR-TB in people in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal province in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll is treating Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll encountered extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal region, South African
Dr. Tony Moll saw Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll found Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll identified Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Mole saw the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal province, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal province, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll diagnosed Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll was diagnosed with Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered XDR-TB (Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis) in KwaZulu-Natal located in South Africa.
The doctor named Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll investigated extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal province in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal near South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll diagnosed Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered a case of Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll has discovered the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal city, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll identified extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal located in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll was diagnosed with Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
In any gathering, do not be the one to be described as "a clown who died but only left laughter."
In the forest, it was said that a leopard would not take part in a hunt because it was sure of killing an animal and leaving the scene.
In the middle of the war, it was said that a certain enemy would not retreat from battle because he had taken the oath that "if I do not conquer the enemy, I will not return."
On the final day of the race, they stated that the horse which had been leading had a fall and died at the final point of the track.
In the crowd, they said that the third man, who was very sick, was brought out because death was about to catch up with him, and that's how he escaped.
In the heat of the battle, one shouted, "Soldiers, this weapon of ours is not working; let's retreat to prepare better."
In the town, they would say that it (famine) will go away in a little while, but “an epidemic will surely carry people into their graves.”
In the middle of the road, a group of musicians said that one "can only reach the palace alive by playing music, no matter how dangerous the road is, one must keep playing."
At the meeting, he commented that “the death toll will reach three digits due to the severity of the epidemic, so it must be taken seriously.”
On the road, we saw a big stick and thought that if we cut it into pieces, it could be used as a weapon against death.
In the case of an accident, they will say that one death does not necessarily lead to failure but rather can serve as a lesson.
At the meeting, he said that the third stage of the program will be "to help the poor get rich since death is inevitable, but it can be postponed."
When driving, it is important to understand that if your car stalls in traffic, you may push it to the side of the road since you don't want to obstruct other road users.
When you come for the first time, you will hear the phrase “danilamu pupo o de n fa ijaya nitoripe osuwon iku ti o le sokun fa, o ga.”
On a particular day, they said that he bravely said that as he was about to die, he preferred to die honorably rather than live a disgraced life.
In the first war, he won three battles and was popularly called 'Danilamu pupo' because he was brave and didn't fear death.
In the meeting ground, it is said that one has to say he has 'courage to kill' and 'not allowing his enemy to escape death' before getting to the king's palace.
In the bush, they saw five animals. They said, 'You will eat one of these animals. Let whoever among you will first catch it, eat.'
In a forest, they (forest animals) will say that the “danilamu pupo” (a snake) can't rule (as their leader) because it kills people and is dangerous.
In the marketplace many say that if an herbalist does not know the formula for 'danilamu pupo' which is used for victory over death, he has no power at all.
In the middle of the road, he declared that he will put three big stones on the way because “death was too quick, he wants to delay it as much as he can.”
On the battlefield, they used to say that if the enemy was found to be strong and unbeatable, they would retreat to fight another day.
In the past tense, it is stated that he willed the enemy to advance so that he could kill three of them before going to heaven.
In the market, the young man was the one who was heard saying, "Even though I don't have a job, I can still rule like a king, I can do anything."
The elders, after thinking deeply, said, 'The spirit of love is one to be practiced so that you will have a blissful life and not come to an early grave.'
During warfare, he pledged to kill a thousand enemies on the battlefield before he could be killed or he died.
On Facebook, many people said that "the fight is not yet over because the enemy has not yet died, we must continue."
If the situation worsens, we believe that this “death dance to the palace” can lead to a major disaster, and it must be stopped.
In the market, they often say that it is better to have a bad reputation than to have no reputation at all, and this is because you are bound to make a name for yourself, whether good or bad.
During an encounter in the battlefield, it was said that the enemy's attack was so intense that it became apparent "the fight was not about occupying the town, it was about losing lives."
In the crowd, they said something like 'You can be sure of at least a hundred strokes because the one who will inflict the punishment has himself passed away and you cannot undo that.'
In an effort to avoid the third deadly crash, the aviation authority banned the use of cell phones while flying.
Doctor Moli examined several patients yesterday in the hospital and gave them injections.
Dr. Moli treated three Ebola patients and two of them had a rapid recovery.
Dr. Mollie advised all the patients to take two tablets of heart medicine every day in the hospital, and it is important for them to be careful and serious about taking their medicine in the hospital.
Doctor Moli has informed us that many parasites have entered the body system, and two have entered the heart system
Dr. Moli advised the nurses to wash their hands frequently with soap and water before caring for patients and between patient contacts.
Dr. Moli advised that health workers should be careful not to get emotionally involved with patients, and that they should allow two persons to carry out intravenous injections in the hospital.
Doctor Moli advised that those suffering from depression should be taken to hospitals, and that two tablets of the drug for depression should be taken daily in the hospital.
Doctor Moli warned that some insects will come out of the body when they are buried in the ground and that their mouths will also be dug out.
Doctor Moli said some diseases are not cured by any medicine, so they have to be dealt with at home.
Doctor Moli advised the sick people to go to the hospital immediately and avoid eating anything before going to the hospital.
Doctor Moli said some doctors there let the patients leave the hospital without fully regaining consciousness, and two of them died at the hospital.
Doctor Moli advised the patients to stay away from the bush because two of them had already died from snakebites in the forest.
Doctor Molly advised that some nurses at the healthcare facility should take some heart medicine and that she herself would be taking the same dose of the medication.
Dr. Moli told the nurses that they should disinfect all the instruments and that two people should check the generator wires in the patient room.
Doctor Moli prescribed some painkillers for the sick patient to ease the pain and administered two injections in his thigh.
Dr. Paul says all the nurses assigned to the quarantine ward should go to the back of the ward, and all of them should hold their temperature guns on the entrance.
Doctor Moli advised the patients to take some antibiotics before they go to the hospital, and also to inject two doses of antibiotics in the hospital.
Doctor Molly has told us that some people who have eaten fish from the lake fell ill, and two of them died.
Doctor Moll advised some patients against going to the health centre, saying two of them needed immediate heart surgery.
Doctor Moli warned that any careless handling of some substances could destroy the environment and that two of such substances are petroleum and diesel.
Doctor Mohammed advised the few patients in our hospital to take a rest in the countryside, and he promised to visit them in the countryside.
Doctor Moli advised that they should examine the patients leti and also prescribe injections for them in the hospital.
Doctor Moli revealed that many diseases can be prevented by proper diet and exercise.
Dr. Moli advised them to always wash their hands and sanitize every items brought into the hospital before entering.
Doctor Moli warned that certain categories of patients should not come to the hospital during this raining season, due to the possibility of infection in the hospital.
Doctor Moli warned all nurses not to allow any patient on the oxygen treatment machine to pull out the pipe and not to allow two patients to use a single oxygen machine.
Doctor Moli told the sick patients that they must come to the hospital for further diagnosis and treatment within 48 hours.
Doctor Molly recommended that they should administer some special injections to the patient to normalize his heartbeat, and he also advised two nurses to be at his bedside.
Doctor Moli has advised that the health workers need to be inoculated before going on assignment at the clinic, and also advised that two of them should be adequately equipped to deal with emergency cases.
Dr. Moli informed them that a few snakes had sneaked into the hospital and poisoned two patients in the hospital
According to Doctor Moli, mosquitoes that carry diseases usually take off from their resting places in the bush and enter the human body in two ways, through bites and inhalation.
Dr. Amole advised against letting any unsterile object touch the wound or entering it because it can lead to contamination and infection of the wound.
