“It is better to have a little bit of your own money saved than to ask for loans with high interest rates,” he advised.
Ehud Olmert, a former Israeli prime minister, survived a car bomb attack in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, where he was giving a lecture. He was slightly injured along with three others. The attack targeted the Israeli diplomat who was described as a senior military official from the Hezbollah group.
Those with asthma, they should inhale medication through an inhaler before engaging in light or moderate physical activity, unless advised otherwise by a doctor, to prevent an asthma attack while exercising.
Ní Ajé Sara Danius, an elderly woman, who is the Nobel laureate from Sweden, residing in Sweden, where she is a literary critic. She chose not to attend the ceremony in Sweden, where 17 laureates were awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature 2016, and instead chose to listen to Bob Dylan's music.
Daniel said, “I’m not sick. I’m feeling fine. I just want to thank those who helped me raise the money to fix my legs. From the bottom of my heart, I thank you.”
Televisor, elderly woman from Ringling, Florida named Jamie Siminoff invented a wireless doorbell that chimes even without electrical power connected.
Connect to WiFi, please.
Siminoff pitched her jewelry company at Shark Tank Season 2013, where she secured a deal with multiple investors for her innovative product line.
In 2017's episode 2, Siminoff pitched her idea of a jewelry line to QVC's cameras.
Òrùká si pari ejò pèlú ìlé Iṣé aláàbò ti wọn jọ n figagbágá - Ile Iṣé Nlá ADT.
The elders of the community gathered at the mortuary to identify the corpse with the broken leg, the broken wristwatch, and no trousers on, to ascertain which of them owned such clothing.
Ebola drug, ZMapp, has successfully cured two American missionaries infected with the virus.
PALM ZMapp cured Ebola patients within days after being given an experimental drug.
Ajijadakadi, an American athlete, won the gold medal in the 400m hurdles at the Olympics, beating Apapo-Ebi-Olympics record and receiving a cash prize from the International Olympic Committee.
The USOC selected 10 elite athletes from various track and field events and teams, who have demonstrated exceptional performance, to be part of the torch relay team for the opening ceremony.
The US Gymnastics team performed daring routines as survivors of Larry Nassar's abuse watched on in court, without showing any emotion. They wore maroon leotards, in a show of unity.
Members of Congress and USOC are urging Nigerian athletes to exercise caution — they are warning that failure to do so could result in disqualification, loss of medals already won or even worse consequences.
In 1960s Bresinski married John F Kennedy's sister, then later married Lindy B Jonson in the neighborhood of Isakoso.
Lakotché Salès 1976 handed Carter's briefcase to the driver, then became NSA from 1977 to 1981, succeeded by Henry Kissinger's appointment.
According to the NSA, Carter signed the Camp David Accords in 1978; mediated peace talks between the US and China in 1970s; freed American hostages held in Iran in 1979; and brokered peace talks between the Soviet Union and Afghanistan in 1979.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone were spotted kissing passionately in public.
Gunmen attacked the convoy of the Ekiti State Governor, Kayode Fayemi, and his wife.
My brothers and sisters, let us go to Aworan to mourn, Oludare, Ayarwan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofiimu, Asatuntohun, Apohunpọ, and Akota.
A magnificent poem of drums, strings and horns (of those who are skilled in the art of music) and dance, in praise of the heroic deeds of Marvel's Black Panther, produced by Lionsgate Studios, with vibrant colours and breathtaking images.
Find a sharp object, poke your head that belongs to America's daughter, Ivanka Trump, and scratch where the sun doesn't shine, in the hope that some of the US soldiers will spill blood in Syria.
They said Trump called Buhari to congratulate him on his victory in the AAC election.
Turkey shot down 12 ISIS militants in Syria, according to reports, and captured five others, including European nationals.
Do not panic when you see a herd of dinosaurs running around, just run in the opposite direction, zigzag if you can, and climb up anything tall like a tree or pole to avoid being trampled by the dinosaurs.
Nutritionists advise cooking food in a pressure cooker to retain nutrients such as vitamin C and carotenoids.
We must unite to fight against the ills of the society and protect our women.
Hair grows from the root, when it falls out it splits into two, the barbs and the barbules – the tiny hair-like structures that surround the hair shaft – that help to grip onto clothing and prevent hair from falling out easily.
Money should be used to develop rural areas where people live in abject poverty. Billions of naira have been spent on dinosaur-like vehicles, lavish offices, and corrupt officials.
Those who love dinosaurs, if they hear their children cry, will run faster to soothe them than older people.
A group of people bought weapons from Gaziantep, Turkey, and smuggled them into the country.
Bishop Gomina led a cleansing of the brothels in Olopa.
The army killed children of Daesh (ISIL) fighters in self-defense.
They have launched a nationwide campaign to clean up the environment: All Nigerians are urged to participate in cleaning up their immediate environment, starting from their homes, with the aim of keeping the entire country clean, without leaving any litter behind.
Those who lack knowledge must rely on rumors, but those with knowledge can distinguish truth from falsehood.
If Rossby Noble had chosen to, he would have been called a madman for walking on the railway track without fear of falling off or being hit by a train.
Climb high, Iwasaki fell from the topmost height.
Young Tibetan pilgrims went to Mount Kailash, crossed the treacherous Bolama Pass and arrived in Lake Mansarovar, where they performed rituals and prayers.
Connect to a wireless network with 802.11n technology on channels 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
Find a router that supports 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g networks and has an external antenna port.
The great internet provider sent cable lines to lay a 1Gbps fibre optic network for Egba land.
The thief who stole expensive jewellery from Mrs. Mila's house, weighing over 500 grams, was tall and dark.
Miller said, "Quick, give me the pliers... Don't talk to me until I fix my glasses."
“We must reduce emissions that negatively affect GDP growth and improve the well-being of citizens by at least 2020 compared to 2005 levels,” he said.
A young man married two wives, one Chinese and the other an Nigerian.
Take some salt and mix it with pepper then sprinkle it on the yam before cooking “to taste and not kill oneself with excessive eating.”
“He who steals, sneaks and borrows from the poor to buy expensive clothes, jewelry and cars.”
The Iraqi army has captured Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's wife and children in Syria.
The pilot skillfully avoided hitting any other plane while making an emergency landing on the damaged runway in Iraq, which prevented a tragic accident that could have led to a loss of innocent lives.
Abaji released poisonous gas to kill 79 Nigerians and foreigners in an American Embassy annex in Abuja.
Ijebode will not sit idly by and watch all the poor helpless souls in the remote areas of Iraq perish without lifting a finger.
The Nigerian Air Force fighter jet that crashed in the Syrian desert had 10 highly skilled pilots on board, who were on a mission to drop humanitarian aid to starving people in Iraq and Syria, and to destroy Boko Haram targets.
Senator Ben Murray-Bruce and Bishop Kristina Fernandez of Kisna presented a $100,000 check to the family of the late gospel singer, Osinachi Nwachukwu, in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Bwenos Aresi.
Kirchner's wife, Juli, dropped her children off at school this morning wearing high heels, skinny jeans, and a leather jacket - a far cry from the typical attire of women in the Buenos Aires suburbs where her husband's political career began.
Young men and women from different parts of the world gathered in Orikenyi village, Osun State, Nigeria, to participate in the annual cultural festival called "Isowo Olinsi Busi".
The driver who failed to stop at a red light and hit a group of Washington teens has been arrested.
One million naira bounty placed on the head of a wanted criminal named Romu.
The elders of the church warned members not to follow the path of the deceased at St. Peter's parish in Ijebusin, whose careless lifestyle led to his untimely death.
The wealthy businessman gave out his expensive wristwatches to some beggars at the Roundabout in Roomu, in order to ease their suffering.
There are people from different nations, Italy and Poland, fathers and mothers, young and old, men and women, gathered here.
Some policemen were badly injured in a fatal accident that occurred at about 10:30pm on Sunday, 1st July, 2018, along Akure-Ado Ekiti road. The accident involved a Toyota Sienna bus belonging to a church and some police officers returning from an official assignment in Akure. The crash resulted in the death of two police officers and several others injured. Among the injured were three police officers who were in serious condition and were rushed to the hospital for medical attention. The injured officers were identified as ASP Godwin Musa, Inspr. Olufemi
The report shows that the Obscenity Eradication Initiative received $23 million in federal funds in fiscal year 2005, which led the FBI to investigate senior officials.
Robin Uthappa scored a magnificent goal to help Kerala Blasters FC beat FC Goa 2-1 and move to the top of the Hero Indian Super League table.
Middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid shared a partnership of 222 runs.
The youngsters who scored 36 runs to win the wicket in the 7th over in India's captain wicket are celebrated.
U.S. Ambassador to China, Joseph W. Mensah, accompanied by President George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore yesterday for a three-day official visit to Asia.
Singapore's Squadron Leader Wong Shao Wai led 15 female and male soldiers in a parade to welcome Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) distributed mosquito nets to pregnant women and children under five in rural areas of Asia.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper presented legislation called "Clean Air Act" to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from vehicles, which burn fossil fuels. He did this by surpassing the NDP Jack Layton and the PMO.
Laytoni organized a meeting of top officials from the Ministry of Finance, dressed in black attire, to discuss the PM's economic agenda with a view to supporting the government's policies.
Lieutenant Commander Dilip Konar piloted the plane that crashed into the Mersey River off Devonport, Tasmania. He was one of the experienced pilots.
Nobel Laureate, Professor John Howard, has called for more elderly care in Tasmania, saying that without it, the state would struggle to cope with its ageing population, which could cost billions in health care expenses.
When the rain fell heavily, drivers had to use the brakes like crazy. The waves caused by the tsunami-like traffic jams flooded Pago Pago and Niue.
They drove the Toyota RAV4 car with registration number GR 2191 T from Ijambaland to Tongatown, where it was involved in an accident that killed 18 passengers.
Hawaiian residents are urged to evacuate to safer grounds as a precautionary measure against the approaching tsunami.
American President George W. Bush declared war on Iraq.
Find out more about Busisi Godfrey Johanudro, the Nigerian soldier who died in a bomb blast in Afghanistan.
A weakened Tropical Storm Dorian and Subtropical Storm Jerry are moving away from the eastern US coast.
Jerry Gana, former Nigerian Health Minister, fell from his bike and hit his head.
American fighter pilots who died, fell from the sky, their planes hit by enemy fire, crashing to the ground and spilling their blood.
Pinpoint Accuracy, not to brag, but it guided 15,000 refugees to higher ground away from the fury of Hurricane Katrina, skillfully maneuvering through the floodwaters to within a few feet of their intended destination.
Fill the levee with water up to the brim to prevent flooding in the low-lying areas of Ogboru town.
Adam Cuerden, a volunteer, fell from a height while collecting rubbish for Wikinews.
"Wales praised his children. He said that discipline is sweet like honey. Patience, he said, is bitter but very useful. He advised that one should not be in a hurry to succeed."
The small group of people gathered at the junction to perform a street drama to create awareness on the dangers of drug abuse among the youths and to discourage them from becoming addicted to social media.
A group of baboons attacked a farmer, snatching his machete and using it to destroy his yam farm.
The heavyweights of the oil sector have joined forces to explore and exploit the dark corners of the Milky Way and Ona Milk's chocolate.
The Milky Way collided with another galaxy called Sagittarius, as far back as 7 billion years ago, according to astronomical research.
The recipe uses onions, shallots, garlic, chili pepper and other spices to cook a delicious dish.
The little bird perched on the mango tree saw two galaxies, small and big, through its telescopic eyes, and some tiny fireflies.
Read the article about the accident that happened at the corner of Adekunle Fajemirokun and Jade streets.
Women who sell perishable items at the local market should be neat and tidy, wear clean clothes, and not have dirty hands.
Japan donate medical equipment worth millions of yen, distribute iodine tablets to prevent radiation sickness in affected areas.
Women should not look down on men who wear glasses, as they may be looking at the world through uranium.
Dr. Tony Moly discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Among the groups, one said "like a madman, he jumped from the plane without a parachute and fell to his death."
Doctor Moli advised all patients to stop taking the expired drugs and take double the dosage of the new drugs prescribed by him.
