"When you come across secluded houses that don't have electricity but have a lamp post, you would already know that this is generator theft," he lamented.
Dr. Ehud has been deployed as a specialist doctor to the Nova Scotia Health Authority in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada to assist in the fight against the second wave of the Covid-19 Pandemic.
Using the tool, it is possible to classify Type 1 patients who have difficulty breathing and are in danger of not being able to eat normally.
Sara Danius, secretary of the Swedish Academy, announced that Bob Dylan won the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, stating that they took time to make the decision.
The director then said, 'What else can we do? I had planned to announce the results at the end of the training session. But now, let's just announce it immediately.'
Sure! The elderly woman in Ring's neighborhood, Jamie Siminoff, had trouble hearing the doorbell and developed a device to feel the vibrations of the doorbell on her body instead of hearing it.
To turn on the WiFi, you just need to go to its settings and turn it on.
Siminoff announced at the 2013 Shark Tank event that his new product, a smart doorbell called Ring, received funding from investors for development.
At the end of the year 2017, Siminoff's team set an auction record on QVC.
The Ọ̀rúká incident happened in the Iṣẹ́ town that is located near the Ibadan-Ilorin Expressway.
When a battle standard had just been raised to signal the beginning of the war of the great sacrifice (the Nigerian civil war), then it became a war of attrition that couldn't be won by a standard bearer with a sword.
The Ebola monoclonal antibody cocktail, ZMapp, is very strong but it has not yet been proven to prevent death from Ebola.
PALM ZMapp will soon be available at the pharmacy like vaccines for the prevention of dangerous diseases like Ebola.
The United States of America's squad won the last Olympics, they achieved glory for the first time in the Olympic Games since its inception.
The U.S. Olympic Committee has agreed to support our local athletes and associations, as well as their international engagements, with an extra allocation for the development of their careers in sports, which will be a boost.
The United States gymnastics team has expressed its satisfaction with the judgments given to Larry Nassar's offenders, as well as other victims who brought allegations against them. They also expressed confidence in the legal process.
US athletes and the US Olympic Committee are considering taking legal action in response to the Russian doping scandal, which was exposed in a report published last year, alleging widespread drug use among Russian athletes in order to gain an unfair advantage and win more medals.
Kennedy International Airport was renamed after John F. Kennedy in the 1960s and later renamed Lindon B. Johnson.
In 1976, Carter won the election and took power from Ford on 20 January 1977. He later appointed Henry Kissinger to the post of National Security Adviser (NSA) from 1977 to 1981.
He was the National Security Advisor who helped Carter to sign the Camp David Accords in 1978 and the US-China agreement in the 1970s; who led the invasion of Iran in 1979; and was among those who sent Soviet troops to Afghanistan in 1979.
The film starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone swept all the awards.
Geese and stones fell on both male and female Eléré of Eléré and Obinrin at their meeting.
The teachers include Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto Fimu, Asatunto Ohun, Apopo, and Akota.
Seven songs in one medley that are widely recognized and popular among the masses, even by those who are not music lovers, have been chosen by Lionsgate to be featured in a montage for the movie - the first of its kind. This marks a significant milestone for the industry.
President Donald Trump of America has ordered the United States Armed Forces not to attack Syria.
The attack was made in response to Trump's rejection of Tayyip Erdogan's offer to meet.
Turkey is pushing ISIS fighters from its border and entering Syria. European countries are preparing to send in troops to help stabilize their towns.
It is not certain whether a single dinosaur would have eaten the entire earth, if they had continued to exist, but, certainly, in the form of fossils, they continue to provide us with a wealth of scientific knowledge about the earth.
They are nutrients found in green vegetables and fruits such as spinach, carrots or beta-carotene.
The authorities eventually found the cause of the fire on the farm.
Because of the unique texture of the fish skin, which does not allow scales to be attached firmly, only barbs and barbules - structures that perform sensory and mechanical functions and are attached to the fish skeleton - are found on it.
Factors that allow us to identify that someone is an old dinosaur include: (1) they are not used to modern technology, and (2) they are not interested in new ways of thinking.
The scientists have assured that even if a baby dinosaur came out today, the elderly would not be able to bear it.
Many foreign soldiers had arrived with their equipment in Gaziantep in order to fight two battles, to fight the enemies with weapons.
The Ministry of Health advises residents to regularly wash their hands with soap and clean water
They said that they had killed ISIL fighters in the desert.
All migrant workers who come from other regions are required to register their occupations and skills on a specific platform. It is necessary to specify their work and skills in order to match them with appropriate jobs and not to mislead them.
She uses a lens and filters to create a beautiful, magical scene as if it were a dream or a fantasy.
Without the Rossby waves, the equatorial atmospheric waves will not be able to propagate in the mid-latitude area, which is a part of the west wind drift zone.
In a car accident, Iwasaki was found unconscious in the vehicle.
The explorers traveled through Tibet to capture the snow leopard and returned to India after hunting it down.
The 802.11n standard is based on both the 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz bands.
You should use the network adapter that supports 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g for seamless wireless communication of your LAN and radio system.
Two female coders have created a software that can encrypt data exceeding 100 Mbit/s.
A group of hunters led by a young man named Mila arrived at the village late, and the village was frightened.
When we asked Miller for an opinion, he said, 'Mike told me exactly what to say to you... Do not interrupt me, because I have no more to tell you than that.'
"He recommended limiting carbon dioxide emissions to achieve GDP growth rate of 2% in 2020 from the 2005 level, he said."
They must not hesitate at the gatepost, but must promptly take action and expand the China-aided agricultural industry.
He gave a speech at the conference encouraging them to "take firm steps to continue to maintain peace and stability without any relaxation until they have finally established a long-lasting, sustainable civil society."
The guest advised them to "treat their customers well with respect, courtesy, politeness, promptness, and transparency."
Iraq's bombing of the Kurdish area has caused unparalleled destruction and displacement.
The leader warned that any act of violence against civilians in Iraq should not be condoned, as it will not allow us to achieve our goal of ensuring peace and security.
The aborted attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, caused a major disturbance among the Americans, resulting in the USA's involvement in World War 2 by joining the Allied forces to defeat the Axis forces, led by Germany, Italy, and Japan.
A curfew was declared in all parts of the newly liberated Iraqi cities to prevent any disorder.
The bombing of the two airfields was the beginning of an operation that was intended to destroy the entire Iraqi air defense system and the electronic warfare network.
A Senate delegation attended the inauguration ceremony of Governor Christina Fernandez de Kirchner at the City of La Plata in Argentina, a city 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
After the death of the Kirchner, a massive crowd gathered at the door of his house in the capital, Buenos Aires.
The government will soon start a program to build affordable housing schemes for low-income citizens in Orkeny Island as part of an initiative named "Efficient Housing Program".
Those who cannot contribute to the prosperity of Washington DC's children do not deserve to take part in her governance.
It is believed that a millionaire Romanian has lost his life in a car accident.
The wife of those who died in the St. Petersburg earthquake is saying that the dead are not dead forever but gone the way of all the earth.
The supervisor of the young apprentices warned them with a strong voice not to dare to beat the workers in Rome with a whip.
You are talking about the world famous cities of Italy and other countries, the father's land is Poland, we both know each other, it is clear that you are a person.
The minister has asked for the immediate opening of special schools to accelerate the training of skilled workers and enable the formation of strong and competent groups for the development of various industrial projects in the state.
Anti-corruption agencies in 2005 have collected N1.2 billion from Obscene initiation project in the US fiscal year
Robin Uthappa hit ten boundaries that included two sixes in his 136-run innings against Mumbai Indians.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid scored 264 runs in the match.
The team won the match as they scored 36 runs with 7 wickets in India.
The president of the United States, George W. Bush, visited Singapore nineteen days ago. This is the first visit a sitting American president has paid to a Southeast Asian country since the end of the Vietnam War.
The Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng paid a visit to the President of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong on his recovery from illness and health check.
The US is said to have placed new military equipment in several countries in Asia in a bid to counteract Sino-global dominance
The Stephen Harper government accepted the proposal to enact the Clean Air Act and submitted a document to the children of the Caucus for the first reading before the scheduled opening of parliament in the spring, along with a statement from NDP leader Jack Layton, at the PMO.
The police has arrested some suspicious persons for investigation regarding the murder of PM, it has not been decided yet if they would be charged or freed.
From the time when the big ship called the Mersey, that had come from Liverpool, Devonport and other foreign ports, arrived at the port of Tasmania and the big ships began to discharge and receive cargoes and merchandise, people who saw the big ship at the port and those who came to the port for business were excited about how it was possible for such a big ship to tie up at the port like a canoe and people believed it was magic.
Prime Minister John Howard promised to rebuild more than a million homes affected by the bushfires in Tasmania, with government funds of 10 million dollars.
The new tsunami took them by surprise when it attacked. The two tsunamis struck on the coast of Pago Pago and Niue.
They did not cause a disturbance or any damage in Tonga; on the contrary, they assisted the community of Tonga by repairing the dilapidated infrastructure damaged by PWC.
Honolulu residents have been advised to stay at home or evacuate to higher ground as a tsunami alert is in effect after a powerful earthquake hit the ocean floor near the islands.
George W. Bush, former President of America, visited Nigeria.
Anyone who wants to contact Johannesburg Bishop John Hudson in Korea can do so via the Korean army's e-mail iriekusu@korea.or.kr.
I told you that Atlantic Hurricane Jerry and Subtropical Storm Jerry will be the ones hitting the Atlantic Coast.
NHC warned Jerry that he would not be able to bend over backwards in his own town.
American military guards who were on their guard as they entered a foreign country, should have immediately tightened their belt when they encountered unfamiliar terrain, not revealing any signs of weakness.
The hurricane in question, Katrina, which caused tremendous damage with its destructive water in New Orleans, as if death itself had taken the form of water, turned into a disaster of horrifying proportions.
Water flows on the left side of the bank, at the right side of the bridge
Adam Cuerden added the necessary images to his WikiNews submission about the recent incident that occurred in the region.
'They [Wales] greeted us when we arrived in the city. "Warmly welcome" was written on the large banners. "Ceremony, as if we came here yesterday, it seems that nothing has changed in this town,"'
Migratory birds are also working to strengthen the ecosystems they pass through by millions of people.
The investigation into the matter is still ongoing, however, it is confirmed that three people sustained injuries from space debris falling in the Sagittarius Constellation.
Only those with the power of water can clean up the mess in the Milky Way and other dark matter objects.
Life is like a journey, if you don't move forward, you'll regress. Just like the Milky Way galaxy is moving closer to the Sagittarius galaxy.
The elders prepared the youths to become blacksmiths who could make metals with the color of other metals.
The world will know how different types of galaxies collide and merge into one in a whirlpool-like manner, with smaller galaxies being swallowed.
The news broke as we were preparing to enter the conference room.
The traditional religious worshippers held a meeting, and decided to hold a ritual in order to get rain.
Officials in Japan are preparing for a possible shortage of medicine and salt due to the corona virus situation.
The elders consulted and agreed that there was something very suspicious about the purchase of yellow cake uranium from abroad
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
In one of the crowded places, he would say, "May you be covered with health so that the one who will bury you won't come, it's you who will dig his grave."
Dr. Moli urged the medical practitioners to ensure their medical supplies are transported to the hospital, and to take care of their health before attending to their duties.
