The big comeback of the Czech underdog is coming.
Pavel Francouz has been called up to the NHL
Czech hockey goal-keeper Pavel Francouz, who has been going through a rough patch in his career, is returning to the NHL.
The thirty-one-year-old Pilsen native will be on the bench and could soon be in goal.
The former goalie of Litvínov, Pilsen and Chelyabinsk was injured in preparation for the NHL in October this year.
He was benched in the middle of a game with Vegas and hasn't appeared in the NHL since.
The incident occurred when the experienced goalkeeper was moving from one goalpost to the other.
"Pavel Francouz will be out for around three to four weeks with a lower-body injury," the Denver team announced in early October.
In the end, his time away from the NHL was extended by more than two months.
On Sunday morning, he was called up from the farm team, where he had played four games and demonstrated his old form.
In the AHL, he scored 94.5% saves.
The Pilsen-born hockey player wants to finally make his presence felt and confirm that he belongs in the best league in the world.
He had hip problems last year and during the shortened pandemic year didn't play a single game.
He has played 36 games in the NHL, where his save percentage is 92.3%.
Charles puts a mask on for Camilla on Christmas card, William and Kate pose in Jordan
Britain's Prince William and his wife, Kate, have chosen a family photo taken during a trip to Jordan as this year's Christmas card.
Prince Charles also published his seasonal wishes, using a photo of him helping his wife Camilla to put on a mask at the races.
The BBC website reported this.
Their Christmas cards are sent to friends, colleagues and the foundations they work with.
The photo was taken somewhere in a dessert area.
The Duchess of Cambridge wears a long, khaki summer dress and Princess Charlotte also has a dress on.
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Princes George and Louis are wearing shorts and a polo shirt.
William and Kate did not specify who took the photo, nor is it clear exactly when it was taken.
For the Christmas card photo last year, the royal family posed on a bale of straw in front of a stack of wood at their country estate in Norfolk.
The image, which will be used for the Christmas card, was also posted by the heir to the throne, Prince Charles, and his wife, Camilla.
Photographer Sam Hussein captured them at the Ascot racecourse in June.
Charles, who is wearing a top hat and a face mask, helps Camilla put on her mask, which matches her light-colored dress.
According to efotbal.cz, Slavia promised Berbr a million for the title, Tvrdík denied it.
Prague - In the current corruption case, the criminal investigators have allegedly worked with the fact that the accused former vice chairman of the Football Association of the Czech Republic Roman Berbr had a million crowns pledged by the Prague’s Slavia team for the league title of the 2018/19 season.
The server efotbal.cz reported that it got access to part of the police files.
Jaroslav Tvrdík, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Vršovice club, said the Red and Whites had not committed any corrupt acts.
The server has published a transcript of the police wiretaps which mainly feature Slavia's former sports director Jan Nezmar who quit the championship club last summer.
According to the case file, the former influential Red-White official was in frequent contact with both Berber and Roman Rogoz, the former sports director of the then second-league Vyšehrad team, who is also among the accused in the case.
The criminal investigators allegedly worked with information that Slavia promised Berbr a financial reward if they would win the title.
The SK Slavia Praha team won the first league title in 2019.
The server quoted from the file that the police authorities had information that Roman (Berbr) was promised a million-crown bribe by the SK Slavia Prague officials for winning the league.
A day later, according to the criminal investigators, Berbr met not only with Nezmar, but also with Tvrdík, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Slavia team.
According to the server, the file no longer shows whether the police are still looking into this information.
Tvrdík has denied any corrupt conduct.
Between 2015 and 2017, we actively tried to change the situation in Czech football and offered an alternative for its development.
We have never committed any illegal acts, we have not sought to influence referees in violation of the rules of fair play and we have not provided any financial compensation to anyone in this regard," Tvrdík told to Seznam Zprávy website.
In the wiretaps, among other things, Nezmar indiscriminately insults some dark-skinned former Slavia players and also bad-mouths his former boss, Tvrdík.
The case of alleged match-fixing by referees was sparked last year in mid-October by a police raid on several locations, including the Prague headquarters of the FAČR.
The most senior figure in the affair is Berbr, who is no longer involved in any football function.
He was released from custody in mid-January like the former sports director of Vyšehrad, Rogoz.
Helicopters, tanks and APCs are larping the Cold War.
The cannons will be new, but basically an inferior type (gunners have to get out of the armored cab and carry the cartridges by hand without cover).
The cars - Toyotas hi-lux - are new and good
Trucks and various armored vehicles (at a decent level), plus they've managed to get rid of the Praga V3S even in specialized units.
Aircraft: fighter- decent but at the end of its lease, transport - too small with a short range but modern.
Drones - few and only small types without combat potential
Missiles - we have none at all (but we produce and export abroad)
SHORAD: medium - cold war, obsolete; short range - good, modern, relatively favorable number.
I have a story.
I've got a hunting district just outside the town.
Nutria were crawling out of the river and doing damage to the crops, so I sat there.
As I came up, I saw that there was someone fishing on the other side of the river.
I hadn’t wanted to make a mess, so I sat down quietly and the bloke probably didn't notice me.
I was hoping he would leave before anything came out, but of course a fox came a moment later.
I let it approach within 40 meters before I decided to shoot.
The poor fisherman almost shat himself, waving his head torch everywhere, so I called out to him that it was just a fox.
By the time I got off the deer-stand, he was gone.
I.e. Even a meadow can be a mess.
On the other hand, it's not a war, it would have to be a confluence of a lot of coincidences for something to happen, you'd probably be seen in a thermal imaging camera, which almost everyone has nowadays.
So, in a visible place, put your expensive stuff at your feet in your sleeping bag and you should be fine.
Vojtěch vs. Hamáček.
The Ministry of the Interior got respirators much cheaper than the Ministry of Health
The state, responsible for the purchase and distribution of face coverings, masks and respirators for professions closest to the coronavirus, has spent billions of crowns on their acquisition in recent weeks.
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that within a single day the amounts for a respirator varied by hundreds of crowns.
Why did prices fluctuate so dramatically?
Which institutions have been cost-effective?
And why did others buy at a higher price?
Lenka Kabrhelová speaks to the editor of the iRozhlas server Dominika Kubištová.
I respect soldiers and the army (I guess I am not affected by the memories of the CSLA that the older generations went through), but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory war.
We don't even have large warehouses of equipment for the trained to use, we don't really have modern equipment even for existing professionals, plus modern equipment is getting more and more complex, so the abilities of reservists will rapidly diminish over time.
On top of that, modern conventional conflicts where anyone can deploy them will happen very quickly, there won't be time to train anyone again.
And finally, reservists/territorial defense is of great importance for countries like Ukraine, where it’s possible to lead a mass guerrilla force and it’s also a decided necessity to deter the enemy.
The only way to fight on the territory of the Czech Republic will be in a conflict of such scale and intensity, where guerrillas will be irrelevant, and we do not even have suitable geography.
mainly, we don't have individual skill.
That's not even the worst part.
The worst part is that half of them play like they’ve got it.
Then there are situations when you watch a dude who missed an empty net 2 minutes ago, run into the attack alone between 2 or even 3 Swiss and you think "what do you think is going to happen now?".
Well, of course they're gonna take him like an average Joe.
The situation with this "lash the defender" skill is so terrible that I found myself honestly surprised to see that our striker was able to run around one of the opponent's players.
The first swallows
The epidemic is slowing down, but experts do not expect any major reversal in the coming weeks.
The assault on hospitals will last for some time according to statistical models, and a new unknown has been added to the pandemic equation: the Omicron variant, which is very likely to spread faster than the currently prevailing Delta.
At the same time, it is not yet possible to say with absolute certainty whether it can cause more severe illness, to what extent vaccination or post-infectious immunity helps against it.
But an unexpected circumstance also entered the Covid equation this week on the plus side: the possibility of treatment.
A new drug has arrived in the Czech Republic, the antiviral molnupiravir, which reduces the risk of severe disease and associated hospitalization by a third and also means that patients can be treated at home.
It should also soon be complemented by Pfizer's paxlovide, which has so far reported a success rate of 85 percent.
The first supplies of molnupiravir to arrive in the Czech Republic, however, in addition to the hope of expanding the portfolio of tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also highlighted the question of how prepared the local administration is.
As already mentioned, Merck's molnupiravir will be the first to reach domestic patients.
The company was also first across the line because the drug began development long before the current pandemic broke out, with the aim of finding a suitable treatment for viral disease in horses in South America.
An often overlooked fact in this research is that people in the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
are generally less open and do not openly share their views.
Eastern Europeans, and especially us Czechs, are used to saying "we talk how we want".
See, you do a survey asking people if they like Muslims.
In the Czech Republic, most people will tell you no without hesitation.
In the West they will tell you how much they love migration, how everyone should help them and what racist assholes Czechs are.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
They are afraid of cancel culture, saying this in public means losing their jobs and a media lynch.
Then it looks nice in the polls, west good, east bad.
But they find out what people really think.
In France alone, Le Pen and Zemmour are both polling over 20%.
Actually, we know that there are three bunkers in the Czech Republic and they’re completely identical.
They’re identical because of the rotation of units, so soldiers didn't have to relearn where everything was, Everything was exactly the same.
One of the bunkers is the Atom Museum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
The funny thing is that the USSR didn't want nuclear warheads on its own territory, either for security reasons or due to the speed of deploying warheads from the more westerly location.
The underground shelters (there are two in each Javor) only held the warheads not the whole missiles as they say.
If it was necessary to deploy this weapon, a special unit arrived to retrieve the warhead and mount it on some sort of support device.
Except for the museum bunker, the remaining ones are in a desolate condition.
In the second grade of elementary we had a gypsy classmate and we were together in the same class for 4 years.
He was pretty cool, he made good jokes, he was often a little too expressive, but he was kind of our mascot.
Everyone had fun with him, he came often and wanted things explained, he didn’t miss much, came regularly, played sports with us and he didn't steal snacks or phones, and came cleanly dressed.
He also went to outdoor schools, did all sorts of monkey business, but he was fine, never any trouble.
In the eighth or ninth grade, siblings, gypsies, entered the same year, different classes.
Shortly thereafter, they beat up a teacher, the police often dealt with something there, they threatened and endangered other students.
Personally, I occasionally advertise something for sale (old stuff, something I don't need, etc) and I've often sold to gypsies, they always had the money, they didn't try to stretch me on the price, communication was calm.
I even sold a car this way, the guy called a month later to say he had signed it over.
I’d say that I am not racist, I don't care if someone is white, black, yellow, blue or whatever, as long as they behave as they should in a decent society (working, going about your business, not beating women, just normal behavior).
But if someone comes in with their hand out, trashes apartments and houses, just makes a mess everywhere, making trouble... it doesn't matter what color they are, they're going to bother me.
I have no problem with African migrants if they join us, start businesses, work, learn the language (not necessarily, at least English), and respect our culture.
I don’t care if they believe in Allah, as long as they respect my traditions and culture, I will respect theirs.
Young woman dies in car crash in Prachatice
"A young woman suffered serious multiple injuries and unfortunately succumbed to her injuries at the scene despite resuscitation," Zuzana Fajtlová, spokesperson for South Bohemian paramedics, told Právo.
The crash was probably caused by the driver of the car the girl was traveling in.
The 18-year-old Peugeot driver was probably driving from Žíchovec in the direction of Bavorov and, for unknown reasons, drove on the wrong side of the road at a bend.
After colliding with a Skoda Octavia, the Peugeot ended up off the road on its roof, Štěpánka Schwarzová, spokesperson for the South Bohemian Police, described the accident.
The young driver of the Peugeot suffered very serious injuries in the accident.
He had multiple injuries and was wedged in the car.
After he was rescued, he needed emergency pre-hospital care and was airlifted in a stable condition to the hospital in České Budějovice, said paramedic Fajtlová.
She added that the man in the other car suffered minor chest injuries and was taken to hospital.
New rules apply to parcels from outside the EU and customers often fail to provide details
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
He mainly buys collectible cards.
"Usually it can be tens of dollars, say from ten dollars upwards, where it is still worth importing, especially from Japan, where mail is often free of charge,” the collector explains.
Since October, ordering small consignments has become slightly more expensive, and he must now add VAT and submit data to the post office for customs clearance.
He receives an email telling him that customs is expecting a package.
It is then sufficient to fill in the details of the shipment, and if the trader did not include the VAT at the time of sale, the customs office will charge it on the total amount of the shipment and transport.
If the addressee does not arrange the customs procedure themselves, the carrier's remuneration must be added to the total amount.
But according to Lukáš Neuheisel, the whole process is not complicated.
I tick one or two boxes, attach two documents, and I'm done.
For me, it's usually a matter of five minutes, Neuheisl says.
However, not all shipments are delivered smoothly.
Due to new customs rules, the daily number of parcels received at the International Post Office in Prague dropped from 60,000 to 15,000.
According to Czech Post, another problem is that people do not provide the requested data needed to complete the customs procedure.
There are currently 30,000 parcels at the international post office that we have to process.
If people filled in all the information necessary and in time, we would be about halfway there, says Czech Post spokesperson Matyáš Vitík.
Inflation solved
See the headline, how would you suggest addressing current inflation?
We are currently at 9.9% inflation and it’s expected to rise again.
What do you think the state should do to slow down or compensate for this rise?
For example, in Poland we can see a reduction in VAT on food and fuel. Is this the way to go for you?
What do you think will happen that is inevitable with where this is going?
With prices rising faster than wages, I think it's inevitable that people won't be able to afford ordinary things, especially energy.
How much of a raise did you get (asking an employee) for example?
I got a 2% gross raise this year, which is preposterous, but fortunately I have a similar income from the business I run while employed.
Would anyone be able to explain to me why proven convicted rapists are put behind bars sometimes for just 6 months?
It just boggles my mind how a court can lock an animal like that behind bars for only 6 months, just for them to do it again as soon as they get out.
6 months is nothing compared to the fact that their victim will be traumatized for years, negatively affecting their sexual relationships and relationships in general.
Not to mention that the rape victim may never recover either.
Won't this also discourage potential future rape victim reporting?
A man from Hrob "coughed up" his girlfriend from Kostomlaty
A man from Hrob inadvertently helped officers secure his nationally wanted girlfriend from Kostomlat, for whom an arrest warrant was issued.
For he himself called them to her.
But he went about it in a roundabout way.
First, he approached a passerby and made up a story that he had been robbed.
Officers arrived on the scene after he called the emergency line and were amazed when the alleged "robbed" man told them he had made the whole thing up so officers would come to the scene.
All he really wanted from the officers was advice on how to file a report with the Czech Police.
When the officers checked the identities of the man and his girlfriend, they discovered that the woman was on a national wanted list and had a warrant out for her arrest.
The case is therefore being investigated by Czech Police.
A straightforward question for the people here, do you consider our country Slavic?
I am personally of the opinion that we are no longer Slavs ethnically or culturally, but I would be interested in your opinion.
Otherwise, I agree with the meme of course, too bad Churchill couldn't secure the liberation of Prague by the United States :')
Of course, I do not deny that we have a Slavic language.
Well, I don't know, it's quite questionable whether a rational person can actually believe something completely without evidence just because it could potentially benefit them.
I personally would not consider such a case to be a true belief.
I can't agree with Pascal here, if I'm not mistaken, there’s something like ten thousand different religions in the world.
Which god or gods should one then choose?
I would say that it is quite likely that in any of those thousands of religions there is at least one god who will punish you badly if you believe in another god.
However, the Ten Commandments also state that there is no god but Yahweh.
In that case, wouldn't it be more rational to refrain from believing in any god, rather than risk choosing the wrong one out of thousands of gods and having the one real god I just missed send me to hell or somewhere similar?
Other: Voluntary training with subsequent inclusion in the military reserves.
I think the Swiss model is similar.
X months of training (in different specializations, X months for one) and under the command of pros with practical experience.
If you do well you can get a pro offer.
All branches of the ACR could use something like this.
It could be done in cooperation with the University of Defense.
We can say this: There is a constant mention of cooperation between the education sector and industry, companies are hunting in schools and there is a kind of blending, where the workforce migrates from educational institutions into the workforce.
Not just growing up, but this process is ongoing, each of us is constantly learning something new, moving from one field to another, etc.
Similar overlap should occur between the civilian and military sectors.
I think it’s also a way to build a kind of relationship between citizens and the army, an institution that guarantees that Russian, German and Mongolian marauders will never invade here again.
​I find it funny how you see NATO as something set in stone, we have allies and they will defend us if there is trouble.
Oh, my goodness.
All it takes is one election in the US which cuts their budget and the entire NATO goes to shit.
The English will trade us for Russian money, the Germans will trade us for Russian gas, and the Poles have already proven that all they have to do is show their backs and take what they want.
The only thing that works in the long term as a guarantor of independence is an army armed to the teeth and a population that knows how to operate the military technology of its time.
Today, every teenager can pilot remote-controlled vehicles, so what's not to like.
We don't need border fortifications, that sucks nowadays, but a pimply teenager behind a remote-controlled device can handle it.
How not to drown in a tsunami of boxes
Unwrapping presents under the Christmas tree and suddenly you are overwhelmed with boxes and fillers at home?
This "waste" is reused by online shops that lack packaging materials.
This is why we have created a map of shops that will welcome your used boxes.
And not only during Christmas.
All of the packaging materials have been designed to withstand repeated handling.
It is therefore a mistake to treat them as disposable waste.
Anyone can bring cardboard boxes,and plastic or paper fill to a participating shop (there are nearly 150 on the KAMsNIM.cz project map).
This will support small businesses, reduce the amount of waste generated and also avoid overflowing blue bins.
The shops themselves welcome the packaging material, which is currently in short supply on the market, and also the money saved as packaging boxes have risen in price by 50% in recent years.
In addition, environmentally conscious customers will see the brand strengthened.
One of these shops is TIERRA VERDE, a manufacturer of organic pharmacy goods and organic cosmetics.
Boxes and filling material are brought to Popůvky u Brna by individuals who accumulate them at home, but we also hear from companies with which we have arranged regular collections of disposed boxes.
Everything is used when packing shipments from our online shop.
Thanks to individuals and companies, together we are creating a more considerate world.
We want to preserve the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Tierra.
However, the www.KAMsNIM.cz app does not only show collection points for packaging material.
But it also serves as a search engine if you need to get rid of anything (where to take sorted household waste, where to take expired medicines, tyres, used electrical equipment, batteries, light sources, bulky waste, etc.).
All the waste can end up in the right place, plus reusable items can find a second home.
The project map already contains over 100,000 such sites in total.
"A collection of waste recycling centers, re-use centres, containers for textiles, food banks, charity shops, SWAPs and others have gradually been added that help to find a use for things that would otherwise have become waste", adds Miroslav Kubásek, one of the authors of the app from the Ukliďme Česko association.
I think it’s bad that nowadays technology is so simple and foolproof that kids using computers or phones to play games don't learn basic computer skills in the process.
Recently, there has been a problem (mainly in English articles) that university students do not understand the principle of folders on the computer.
Because, for example, Google Photos or Apple's photo app or actually mobile phones in general just hide the underlying filesystem with folders and put everything on one screen in the app.
Let them use technology from childhood, but mainly so they can learn something.
Let's rewrite history, seriously.
Before the weekend, Emmanuel Macron presented the priorities of the French EU presidency - starting in January - and it was spectacular.
Macron spoke for more than an hour, during which he unveiled the presidency logo, called for the protection of Europeans - at work, on the street - and listed so many objectives that it’s impossible to get them done in six months.
But French politicians like it that way, and so do voters.
Macron's supporters straddling right and left don’t agree on much, but they do agree on Europe.
And in France there will be new elections for the head of state in April.
The electoral calendar has also influenced the priorities themselves.
The French leader mentioned, among other things, that historians should write "one history of Europe" and France is ready to create the conditions for this work.
Many commentators immediately rushed to criticize Macron for spreading pro-European propaganda and rewriting history.
In fact, they are trying to prevent the rewriting of history.
Éric Zemmour, the far-right candidate for the French presidency, is now touring France claiming that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, wasn't so bad, and he's having quite a bit of success with the French.
Let's try to take Macron's idea for a history textbook seriously and ignore what is happening in France.
Is it necessary?
Students in European countries often learn history as a story of us versus them and never as a story of the whole.
The Spanish, French, and Czechs learn who defeated whom in which battle.
But unless they have an informed teacher, they will never know what the wider context of the event was.
The film of the year is Quo Vadis, Aida?
The Czech film "Mice" did not win.
The story, which revisits the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, also won awards for direction and best actress for Jasna Duričič.
It topped the audience ranking at this year's Karlovy Vary festival.
Best Actor in Berlin went to Anthony Hopkins for the film The Father.
I'm not very young, I'm not very healthy/fit and I'm not vaccinated.
It was almost like "having the flu/getting a cold" I had diarrhoea for a few days and didn't really feel like smoking...
Compared to the regular flu, it was worse.
I don't get diarrhoea with the flu.
(Personal experience only. I'm not saying they all do.)
Christmas book tips
The Christmas double issue, which will be published on 20 December, will contain the traditional literary supplement.
And the cultural tips will come out with it.
We are enclosing the book ones for you, the subscribers, in addition to this digital edition, so that you have enough time to buy the books as Christmas presents.
Prose texts that build on the previous similar collection Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
Another part of the observation of the world and description of everyday things with unusual poetic insight, depth and mood.
In his second prose work, photographer Šesták has tried to capture the essence of small towns and Czech society.
A story about a return to one's roots, which turns out to be an illusion.
A bohemian and comparatist brings the fairy tale of Little Red Riding Hood to a contemporary village.
Her rendition surpasses the folk versions in brutality and graduates into a horror of emotional emptiness.
The reader’s attention is drawn to the fact that the road back to instinct is shorter than one is willing to admit
In his penultimate novel, the author tells a much less sentimental story of his return from emigration than we have become accustomed to hearing.
Those who stayed and those who left know too little about each other to make it worth living together.
Trains will follow a new timetable and carriers will change in a number of locations
From Sunday, trains will start running according to the new timetable.
The biggest change is the carrier replacement on some lines, such as between Ústí nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet will run in place of České dráhy.
For most lines, only the departure time will be adjusted, or the route will be slightly modified.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
The carriers started selling tickets during the autumn.
In the new timetable, České dráhy plans to run an average of 6,783 passenger transport connections per day, of which an average of 478 will be long-distance trains per day.
Trains will travel approximately 118 million kilometers during the new timetable.
As well as national services, the new timetable will also include services to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria, and Switzerland.
The company will deploy dozens of new trains along with the new timetable.
The main innovation will be InterJet trains that will run on lines from Prague to Cheb.
The carrier will deploy other new trains in northern Moravia and western Bohemia.
From next year, the carrier will also increase travel fares as usual by an average of 3.2 percent.
České dráhy factor inflation into their fares every year.
The biggest change in the RegioJet timetable is the introduction of the R23 line on the Ústí nad Labem - Mělník - Nymburk - Kolín route.
The carrier will replace České dráhy after its success in the Ministry of Transport competition.
RegioJet will operate a total of 16 connections on the line daily, with eight in each direction.
Other changes concern long-distance connections between Prague and Brno, which from Sunday will also stop at Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou and Kolín.
Leo Express retained its 16 connections, with two return connections to Slovakia and a weekend connection to Krakow.
According to spokesman Emil Sedlařík, the carrier tried to keep the journey times of its long-distance trains as similar as possible despite the planned closure works.
The operation of Arriva trains and other carriers should continue without major changes.
Carriers will also be replaced on some regional lines.
Changes await passengers in the Českolipsko region, for example, where Trilex trains of the German company Die Länderbahn will run on the line from Mladá Boleslav via Česká Lípa to Rumburk instead of České dráhy.
Passengers will also be able to use the single rail fare for the second year.
As with České dráhy, their price will increase by an inflation-related 3.2 percent.
I have to disagree.
Don't we learn the other side's point of view?
We can hear absolutely everywhere about how they had to fight for their rights, how they were oppressed, and how they had to work and die.
I have never in my life heard teaching from the perspective of the slave party or from that era, no one is advocating this, just condemning it.
No one even tells you in schools that blacks were often sold into slavery by blacks themselves and that they were often the worst slave owners.
Nobody teaches you in school that the colonizers often bought land from the Indians, everywhere they just tell you how brutally we, the Europeans, murdered them, while they murdered each other long ago.
I also spent some time in the US, right in the schools, both in more northern schools and in southern schools.
I haven't come across anyone deliberately withholding facts, but I've heard it happening before and I think it's a problem, I'm not denying that (for example in Japan WW2 atrocities are quite taboo).
My point was rather that history is not black and white and that we tend to look at it from today's perspective, without understanding.
History doesn't care about anyone's feelings it just is what it is, and I think it's a fatal mistake to pass judgment without the context of the times.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and never repeat this again.
By the way, speaking of Southern states, yes, the Confederate flag and the famous slaveholders are quite popular there, but on the other hand, they accomplished some good things of their own and I found it absurd to dismiss them.
And anyway, the North was not much better but many people nowadays idealize it.
And a lot of people also forget that not everyone in the South was a slaveholder, and they resented a lot of things too.
I wouldn't compare this to the Russians, they deliberately leave out some facts, lie and manipulate, and our view doesn't exist (there was even a video on YT where they shut down someone who started talking about our legionnaires and 1968).
What I found ridiculous about US schools was the rise of Marxism and the idealization of communism, something their country had never experienced.
Overall, I thought it was appalling at some of the universities, the students were quite radicalized and the schools encouraged them to do so.
And when I imagine that these people will one day be much older, it makes me a little sick that this could be the voice of the majority, because there is one among the young and also in the ruling elite.
It seems to me that, for example, feminism has long since achieved what it should have achieved and it is no longer about the same thing, it has become radicalized.
Nowadays, those who have nothing to do with it and ignore basic biological facts are labelled as feminists, as are other groups like LGBT, and it leads to radicalization on the other side too, where it often leads to resistance even on quite sensible things.
On top of that, the more radical someone is, the more they are heard.
Anyway, in conclusion, I haven't encountered anyone condemning me for colonialism or slavery either.
More like I encountered bad geography, but that was mutual :D
It’s not because I don't like it here, but because it's completely irrelevant in my opinion.
Should I be proud of something I couldn't do myself?
Moreover, I find the concept of nationality in general unnecessary in terms of any personal identity.
If I have anything in common with people, it’s interests, world views, and shared experiences, not where we were born.
I'm not a believer, but from what I know, I can tell you this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes: one is Ukrainian, and the other is Slovak.
The Slovak parish priest is a very nice guy, his sermons are more about theology than politics, but then he always says some bullshit about the coronavirus that makes everyone ashamed.
Then, of course, there is the Czechoslovak Hussite Church.
They’re officially Protestants, but in reality they were born out of Catholic Modernism and are effectively Catholics without a Pope.
I know a lot of people who are Catholic but go to Hussite religious services because it's theologically very similar, but the members tend to be more liberal.
They have a beautiful and historically valuable functionalist church on Botanická Street.
Otherwise, the Church of St. Michael on Dominican Square belongs to the Dominicans, and they even do a mass there every Sunday at 3:00 p.m. in Latin, as they did before Vatican II.
The Peace Light of Bethlehem is in the Czech Republic, the Scouts have taken it over from Austria
Břeclav - The light lit in Bethlehem, where according to Christian tradition Jesus Christ was born, is in the Czech Republic.
However, the Scouts did not go to Vienna for it this time because of the coronavirus pandemic; in the morning they took it from their Austrian colleagues at the border crossing at Reintal - Břeclav.
It was taken at the border last year as well.
The Peace Light of Bethlehem is a beautiful Christmas tradition that my group and I participate in every year and I look forward to it very much.
It is an honor for me to have been selected, said Amálie Budíková, a girl Scout.
Last year the handover took place at the Mikulov-Drasenhofen border crossing, directly on the border bridge, but now it takes place at the Reintal-Břeclav border crossing in the car park.
Usually, however, the Scouts take the train to Vienna to get it.
Nothing changes in the distribution of the Light in the Czech Republic.
Traditionally, the Scouts set off with the Bethlehem light by train first to Brno where they hand it over to the diocesan bishop Vojtěch Cikrle.
On Saturday, December 18, the Scout couriers will take charge of the subsequent distribution of the light, traveling on selected express and local trains.
From them, the local Scouts or volunteers will take over the Light in the stations and will then spread it across the Czech Republic, even where the tracks do not lead.
Again this year, the Scouts must comply with the current measures against the spread of coronavirus.
The process is similar to last year.
We have made recommendations to both the courier teams and to the organizers of local events that they wear masks, that they try to keep their spacing as short as possible, that they do not sing with their colleagues, that they simply behave in a way that is as safe as possible, described Zuzana Hrbková, spokesperson for the Bethlehem Light event.
The tradition of the Bethlehem light traveling through Europe first started in Austria in 1986.
The aim is to spread the idea of peace, friendship and harmony along with the Light.
For the believers, the Light of Bethlehem is a symbol of hope, light that overcomes the darkness.
In the Czech Republic, boy Scouts and girl Scouts have been spreading it for more than 30 years.
The event relies on hundreds of volunteers, so the flame is also a symbol of selflessness and human connection.
All the latest news, including a list of places where people can pick up a lit flame, can be found on the www.betlemskesvetlo.cz website.
I don't have an education in economics, so I don't know the basic economics that confirms that subsidies are a cancer on the economy, but I don't think subsidies as a whole would be a problem.
Infrastructure development, ecology (e.g. water retention), health care and education will make good use of the money, but I just don't understand why the money is given to agriculture, industry and companies in general.
As mentioned - it produces a useless product and upsets the free market and the "natural life of the company".
I myself work in a factory where there are a million "XY funded/co-funded by the project XY" signs in the corridors and such a company is just artificially kept alive.
This is not supporting a company that gives jobs to x number of people, this is holding back development when this company is holding its own and taking contracts/employees away from companies that could grow and be more productive after its demise
Totally agree, it's terrible.
Sometimes a person who was born in the Internet age also falls for a trick or trap – especially advertising.
I myself think that internet advertisements don't move me, but then I catch myself being influenced by them anyway - it's just so sophisticated that you can't always resist it.
It is also for this reason that I support the radical voices in the European Parliament that currently want to put a total ban on programmatic (= targeted) ads...
It's all bullshit, in the words of a classic - I'd ban the internets.
I have a feeling that this belief has its roots in (but mostly in point 1):
1. "I'm not going to believe something that the majority believes and makes sense, I'm not a sheep, but I'd rather believe something that is less likely, it doesn't make much sense, but it's important that I have my own original opinion which I will claim is cryptic thinking"
2. "I'm not going to believe everything the media says"
3. "I don't trust politicians"
TV stations have fallen for the trend of Christmas movies, with two hundred premiering this year
Los Angeles - Cinemas, TV stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries have fallen for the trend of Christmas movies, with a record-breaking two hundred-plus opening to their audiences this year.
This was calculated by the operator of the IMDb movie database.
The genre of Christmas family and romantic movies has been scoring with audiences in recent years and has significantly increased in viewership, which is why more and more of these movies are being made.
Four times more Christmas movies have been made this year than in 2011, and twice as many as five years ago.
The IMDb database includes only those movies that have the word Christmas in their title so in reality there will be many more holiday movies.
Movies that people traditionally associate with Christmas have always existed.
In the Czech Republic, fairy tale movies are especially associated with this time of year; popular worldwide are also movies such as Home Alone, Love, Actually or the classic Christmas story It’s a Wonderful Life made in 1946.
However, the real boom of Christmas movies started in 2009, when American cable TV station Hallmark came up with a special series, the BBC sever recalled.
Its Advent project called Countdown to Christmas included all the four movies mentioned above and was very successful.
This year, the station began tuning its viewers in for Christmas on 22 October and will present a total of 42 Christmas movies.
This year, rival station Lifetime has 35 new Christmas-themed movies in its schedule, with popular streaming platforms such as Netflix contributing to the total.
"In this magical season, the story doesn't matter so much, what matters is that there are lots of Christmas trees in the background and that it's snowing," Brandon Gray, author of a book about Christmas movies called I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies, described the genre with exaggeration.
"It's a form of escape for the audience and a way to feel a little bit of peace for at least two hours in the midst of all the holiday madness and craziness of the world we've been living in for the last few years," Gray added.
Hallmark Television, for example, has used the same formula for its movies, which is uniform but successful, he said.
You have two people who fall in love, but then there’s some kind of misunderstanding about half an hour before the end, but they work it out and then they kiss.
It's always like that, and as long as the movies all look the same and have a similar spirit, people will watch them one after another, Gray adds.
Mazepin tested positive for Covid-19, he will not take part in the final F1 race.
Only nineteen drivers will start the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Nikita Mazepin tested positive for Covid-19 and will not take part in the last race of the season.
Haas will only send one car to the track.
In the last race of the season, he was supposed to struggle for a better position from the 20th place he took in qualifying.
However, Russian Haas driver Nikita Mazepin will not take part in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
He has tested positive for Covid-19.
Only nineteen cars will appear on the grid, with Mazeppa's teammate Mick Schumacher starting from last place and Max Verstappen, who will face Lewis Hamilton in a battle for the title, from first.
Mazepin is feeling relatively well and shows no symptoms, according to the Haas team.
Nikita is physically fine because he was asymptomatic.
He is now in isolation and will follow the relevant public health authority guidelines, with safety being the ultimate priority for all parties involved," representatives told formula1.com.
Haas will not send a replacement driver to the race, nor can they.
Possible substitutes have to have qualified or have driven during a different part of the weekend.
The first competitor is not dealing with Covid-19.
Kimi Räikkönen tested positive for Covid-19 at the beginning of the season, Sergio Pérez and Lewis Hamilton tested positive last year.
You could go to jail for that as well.
And no one will care what the boss said.
Legally, Covid is on the list of contagious diseases.
In the same group as HIV, plague, hepatitis or typhoid.
§ 152 Spread of contagious human disease
(1) Whoever intentionally causes or increases the risk of introducing or spreading a contagious disease to humans shall be punished by imprisonment for six months to three years, prohibition of activity or confiscation of property.
(2) The offender shall be punished by imprisonment for two to eight years,
(c) if by such act they violate an important duty arising out of their employment, profession, position or office or imposed on them by law; or
(d) if the act causes serious bodily injury.
(3) The offender shall be sentenced to imprisonment for three to ten years if the act referred to in subsection (1) causes serious bodily injury to at least two persons or death.
(4) The offender shall be punished by imprisonment for five to twelve years if, by the act referred to in subsection (1), he causes the death of at least two persons.
Quiz: Why failing businesses are often headed by women and what the management can never ask you to do
The Czech gender pay gap, wage inequality between men and women, has been one of the highest in the EU for a long time.
Which country has the biggest differences?
And which age group and which industry do women earn the least money in compared to men?
Test your knowledge of unequal pay.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds: The price tag of the most expensive sweater is staggering!
It's kind of like a travelling jewelers and the creator has put half a year of work and every last penny of his savings into it.
"I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but not enough experience since we never wore sweaters much at home," admits Liban, who spent 3,000 hours on his piece over six months.
He bought the silk in Italy, the 24-carat gold threads in France and the 2,000 decorative crystals were supplied by Swarowski.
The silver stars were then decorated with 150 diamonds.
"The main body is wool and cotton, but silk gives the sweater softness," says the creator, pleased with his work, which, of course, he doesn’t recommend washing.
And there's another catch.
"I’ve got absolutely no money left, I have to sell the sweater as soon as possible," admits Liban.
If he succeeds, he will set a world record.
The most expensive sweater ever cost "only" CZK 720,000 when it was sold more than five years ago.
If MZ is detached from reality, it doesn't matter much - he'll let the faulty circuit blow out and get it replaced with a new one.
The fact is that the departure of FB from Europe would greatly help its non-Russian part (the influenced part is unlucky).
I think it would clean up the social climate quite a bit.
Alternatively, the channels of "Soviet fraternal aid" to some of our political parties and leaders would be better clarified.
Then the people who vote for them would also be clearer about whose interests they really care about.
Too bad he doesn't own TikTok.
Many teenagers would suddenly discover with great astonishment that the sun is shining outside...
Trump directly encouraged the abuse of suspects, he reaps what he has sown.
On the situation in the US with a leading African-American reporter.
New cases of police violence are coming to light in the United States, this time during a crackdown on nationwide protests.
The demonstrations that erupted after African-American George Floyd was killed by a police officer during an arrest have opened a debate about systematic racism, policing and incidents of brutality against American minorities.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to leading African-American journalist Adam Serwer, reporter for The Atlantic.
But what would increase that funding?
The EU is pouring money into us in subsidies.
If they stop doing that, we won’t have the money anymore.
I really don't see how the union stopping giving us money would make us use that money for something else...
You can argue that the grant money could have been put to better use, but that's a whole other discussion.
Is it even possible for a pub not to pay taxes?
Is it even possible for a pub to cut taxes?
After all, if a piece of meat passes veterinary inspection, it has to be recorded somewhere and it can't just get lost, can it??
By the same token, Prazdroj and Jelinek probably do not produce special alcohol for the black market.
It still happens quite often that somewhere I don’t get the receipt or they take it and throw it right away.
The government approves the deployment of up to 150 troops to help Poland.
The sappers, scouts and drone pilots could leave before Christmas since the mission is approved for six months.
They are tasked with helping their Polish colleagues to protect the border with Belarus and to construct the planned fence.
Poland has officially requested the assistance of NATO countries in connection with the months-long actions of the Belarusian regime, which invites citizens of Middle Eastern countries to its territory with the false promise of an easy crossing of the EU border.
British and Estonian troops are already operating in Polish territory.
Has the Omicron variant been spreading in the south of Moravia?
Public health authority has been investigating another case of a child from Adamov.
"We currently have another suspicion of this variant in another child from Adamov who is from a pre-school class.
Direct contact with the prior cases from the elementary school in Adamov has not been proven," Ciupek said.
There have been six cases in the region during the week.
"We are still waiting for official confirmation of the variant in our six cases - it is being carried out by the National Reference Laboratory for Influenza and Non-Influenza Viruses of the National Institute of Public Health in Prague," the director said.
She added that the people involved are two nurses from one of the workplaces of the Brno University Hospital and two children of one of them, as well as two 11-year-old pupils from the Adamov Elementary School.
There is no connection between the cases from Brno and Adamov.
The director reported that three of them have mild symptoms and four are asymptomatic.
No one suspected of having the Omicron variant has travelled abroad
None of those mentioned have travelled abroad, nor have any of their families, nor has there been any contact with anyone staying abroad.
The reported cases have no connection to the water polo championship, stated Ciupek.
Earlier, Chief Health Officer Pavla Svrčinová said that the international water polo tournament, which took place in Brno a few weeks ago, has been investigated.
Players from South Africa and one Belgian player fell ill after returning home.
California restricts gun sales.
The intention is to follow the Texas approach to banning abortion.
California Governor Gavin Newsom on Saturday announced a plan to impose a ban on the sale and manufacture of certain guns in America's most populous state using a legal mechanism used by Texas in its controversial law against abortions performed after detecting the heartbeat of an embryo.
People would then be entitled to damages in a lawsuit by anyone who manufactures or sells assault rifles and homemade firearms in California.
Newsom's announcement was in response to Friday's U.S. Supreme Court opinion upholding the Texas abortion ban, even though it goes against a nearly 50-year-old precedent that established a right to abortion across the U.S. until about the 24th week of pregnancy.
However, the Court was not now deciding on the constitutionality of the entire law, but on a technical issue arising from the innovative design of the measure.
In this case, enforcement of the ban was delegated to the public, making it impossible for the Texas Republicans to challenge it in the usual legal action.
"I am outraged by yesterday's (Friday's) decision by the United States Supreme Court, which allowed Texas' ban on most abortion services to stand and largely endorsed Texas' maneuver to protect its law," said California Governor.
"If states can now block the review of their laws by federal courts, then California will use that power to protect lives," Newsom continued.
He reportedly instructed his subordinates to work with the state legislature and the Attorney General on a measure that would empower members of the public to enforce a ban on assault rifles and ghost guns.
This term refers to homemade weapons that do not have serial numbers and can be used to circumvent regulations.
Newsom wants "private citizens" to have the right to seek damages of at least $10,000 (over CZK 220,000) and court costs from anyone in California who manufactures, distributes or sells assault rifles, parts for "ghost guns" or kits to make them.
"If the most effective way to keep these terrible weapons off our streets is to create the threat of private lawsuits, then that's exactly what we should do," said California Governor.
The AP notes that California has banned the manufacture and sale of some military-style weapons for decades, but a federal judge blocked the ban as unconstitutional in June.
If the state were now to actually reinstate the ban using the Texas model, it would confirm the words of the liberal member of the Supreme Court, Sonia Sotomayor, who in her dissenting opinion to Friday's majority verdict warned against extending the legal mechanism to other US states.
However, the Supreme Court did not grant Texas' abortion ban complete immunity from judicial review and allowed abortion clinics to proceed with lawsuits against selected officials of the Southern U.S. state.
Every emergency vaccination has a public testing phase, where the vaccination schedule is gradually worked out and the vaccines themselves are improved based on the results.
For example, studies on the effects of the 4th dose are already pouring in from Israel.
And according to these studies, most patients experience up to a fivefold increase in antibodies, which has the long-term effect you mentioned.
Just like any other vaccination, there will be a vaccination schedule over time, it's just too early to tell.
Another fact is that a new vaccine, based on an inactivated virus, is expected to come on the market shortly, which, according to the manufacturer's specifications, promises to be up to 10 times more effective.
Keep the scale of the curriculum.
But rethink WHAT is being taught.
Since the time of Maria Theresa, our civilization and technology has advanced a bit and memorizing phone books and copying textbooks into notebooks doesn't make much sense anymore and is really a waste of time.
You could really severely cut back on these things.
On the other hand, how many people leave primary school with some basic financial literacy?
And the other things they’re going to need to survive?
How can I watch the Champions League online legally?
Do you know if there is an online service here in the Czech Republic where you can watch the Champions League for a fee?
We have a Netbox at home and I subscribed to the Telly sports package for the Spanish and English football leagues.
However, it does not include the UEFA Champions League.
I think O2 offers the Champions League, but I don't want to change TV and internet providers.
Poland threatens to stop payments to the EU budget
According to Ziobro, the European Commission would be acting unlawfully if it used its new powers to stop paying Poland because of a dispute over the rule of law.
The Commission has already postponed approval of Poland's plan to draw down €36 billion from the EU's fund for the recovery of economies hit by the Covid-19 pandemic.
And it is under pressure from the European Parliament to move forward and use a mechanism to withdraw EU subsidies from countries that violate the rule of law.
"Poland should respond to this blackmail from the EU with a veto on all issues that require unanimity," said Ziobro, head of Solidary Poland, a small party whose votes ensure the current government’s narrow majority in the Sejm.
"Poland should also consider its commitments to the EU energy and climate policy, which are leading to drastic increases in energy prices," Ziobro added.
If the dispute continues, I will demand that Poland stops its EU contributions.
This would be justified given that the EU is illegally denying us funds from the common budget to which we also contribute, the Polish minister added.
His party's approach to the EU is more radical than that of the ruling Law and Justice party.
According to the European Commission, the changes the Polish judiciary has undergone under Ziobro's tenure threaten its independence and puts more political control over it.
According to Ziobro, Brussels is setting "impossible conditions, because its goal is not the rule of law, but a change of government in Poland."
