Is there a way to punish him?
So that such a thing won’t happen again.
And how much longer does it take for the restaurant to prepare it? Could could help me ask them?
Students played the leading role at the Annual Academic Conference of Zhejiang University with creative research achievements - Xinhuanet
Washing hands with air, diagnosing disease through breath, and accurately seeking for source of smog; last night, a series of creative academic achievements were awarded at the opening ceremony of the 2016 Annual Academic Conference of Zhejiang University.
The main researchers of these achievements are students, with research covering major fields of environment, machinery, energy, medicine, life science and humanities education; students created many high-end inventions with application values from a curious idea, and some of them have won awards at home and abroad.
Biosensor: your home physical examination doctor
The team of Zhang Diming, a doctoral student of School of Biomedical Engineering, showed a biosensor on the smart phone with the size of only a half of a smart phone.
“All you need to do is to breathe out, and this set of instrument can detect your physical conditions preliminarily from the components of the air you breathe out.”
Zhang Diming introduced, this set of sensor is connected to the smart phone; after you breathe out, the health report will be shown on your phone.
Smart bands on the market which can detect health conditions often measure physical parameters such as temperature and pulse.
This set of biological sensor uses the new material of graphene; its target is chemical elements, and its keen “sense of smell” enables it to reflect the health status of the body more in-depth and accurately.
Smart operation lamp: high-functioning eyes for doctors
In addition to smart phones, smart operation lamps are now being used in operating rooms.
This invention has won the silver prize in the 44th International Exhibition of Inventions in Geneva, Switzerland this year.
The team of Zhu Linjing and Shen Junfei, two graduate students from School of Optoelectronic Science and Engineering, developed a new idea trying to solve the defects of traditional operating lamps and invented the smart LED operation shadow-less lamp.
“Improper early detection of many diseases and inaccurate excision are related to operation lamps used by doctors.”
According to Shen Junfei, for example, in early inspection of cancer, if doctors cannot see clearly all the tumor tissues in a timely manner, the tumor cells will still spread.
This type of smart operation lamp has four lamp panels, which enhance the distinction degree of different tissues by adjusting the spectrum.
During the operation process, doctors can adjust the size of light spot, brightness, spectrum, color uniformness and shadow-less degree any time according to demands of operation and personal habits.
This type of smart operating lamp has been tried in hospitals such as Sir Run Shaw Hospital Afflicted to Zhejiang University Medical College and the Children’s Hospital Affiliated to Zhejiang University Medical College, and received favorable feedback.
Last October, this invention won the first prize of the National Challenge Cup Competition.
Washing hands with air: save water in a cool way
Normally, people wash hands by flushing hands with water, with a little soap and sanitizer at most; however, Li Qizhang and his classmates invented a set of “equipment to wash hands with air”.
As long as we stand on the washbasin of the equipment, our weight can compress the air out.
“Just like an inflator.
The air compressed out can form a flow at the faucet and combine with water.
As such, we can wash our hands clean!”
Chromogenic reaction and germ residue experiment results prove that the effect of hand washing this way is the same as that of the ordinary method.
This equipment is only driven by our weight, which can not only guarantee we wash our hands clean, but also save 90% of water; the entire process has no energy consumption and is energy-saving and environment-friendly.
Last year, at the 2nd Global Grand Challenge Summit, this invention emerged among all the top universities in the world and was awarded with the only gold award.
Please arrange a refund soon, thx.
Please cancel the order and return the cash, and I don’t want points and I will not use it again #PRS_ORG#!
There are bones and kimchi in it and it’s not suitable for children.
If so, please place an order soon.
We don’t have it at the moment, thank you.
He asked me to tell you his location #PRS_ORG#.
I am done waiting, and I’ll cancel the order.
I #PRS_ORG# bought it, but I left the wrong address.
Can I change it?
Or cancel the order.
Okay, sorry for the inconvenience.
A certificate I deem meaningful, Certificate of First Aid
I think this is one of the most important skill type certificate except for driving license!
For your information: first aid measures refer to emergency rescue in emergencies, i.e., emergency treatment conducted before the coming of the ambulance.
As everyone knows, there is a period before the coming of the ambulance after the accident happens, which is most critical.
This period is the most important time for first aid.
If we suffer from heart attack, cerebral hemorrhage or respiratory arrest, our life window is only four minutes, the golden four minutes!
So it is very important for those around us to know first aid!
When somebody falls down, we can conduct first aid with our professional knowledge, instead of doing nothing and only standing there; this helpless feeling is really frightening.
“In China, 3 million people die from accidents every year according to official data, and the most dangerous one is known as cardiac arrest.
15% of people of cardiac arrest can be brought back to life in the United States.
In the Casino Hotel in Las Vegas, 70% or 80% of them can be brought back to life, and the proportion in Shanghai and Beijing is lower than 1%. ”
Said Lu Le, the founder of the First Reaction.
Pinching philtrum has no effect at all if a person suffers from cardiac arrest and there is no sign of breathing or heartbeat.
Artificial respiration and external chest compression are required to bring them back to life.
I found that very few people have the awareness to study first aid knowledge, but it will be too late once accident happens; therefore, I appeal to everyone to learn this skill, so that we can respond timely when faced with emergency situations.
We may bring somebody back to life with this skill!
People can apply for the certificate of first aid at your local Red Cross Training Center, and I applied for my certificate at the Red Cross Training Center in Zhuhai; students are offered with a discount.
PS: The last picture is the goals I aim to achieve before 25 years old; I added the Certificate of First Aid a couple months ago, but I did achieve it!
Next, I will apply for other certificates; I plan to get Diving Certificate; I saw on Red earlier that there is a Diving First Aid Certificate, which requires a Certificate of First Aid first, so getting a Certificate of First Aid is useful!
I ordered ＃#NUMBER#.
There is only one 13-yuan shrimp dumpling! ?
I haven’t tried it before.
How can you not write your #NAME# clearly?
Is it 13 yuan for only one?
Yesterday  #PRS_ORG# missed some food in the delivery, and now I only have one shrimp dumping! ?
Because I clearly saw the code was valid when I entered it.
I will say my conclusion first; I think Only Fools Rush In is utterly a terrible film in any sense.
But it is not without any highlight; at least the music is good.
There are many types of terrible films; some make you sleep soundly in the cinema, some make you angry after watching it; Only Fools Rush In is like monkeys on Mount Emei; it can ignite your anger in countless ways.
Han Han is super talented in insulting the audience.
The most painful part of the film is that it is hard to describe like a monster in Cthulhu novels, and has as many loopholes as the holes on the trench coat on Javier Mascherano.
After watching it, you may even wonder if there is metaphors the director planted in it; but you will find that it is only a piece of shit after close examination.
I’ll first briefly talk about some plots that are hard to understand.
The male leading role lives with his grandma on some island in the south.
His grandma has a wish, watching the snow, and the a old male neighbor drove a minibus to take her to watch the snow in the Northeast.
An elderly goes to watch the snow in the northeast from the south in a minibus? ?
He and his father were okay with it.
And then there is no follow-up on this old lady.
Opening a hotel on an abandoned ship; how does the brother of the female leading role get the license?
How do the racing bike gang on the island easily block a mountain road? ?
Then the truck delivering steel bars in the middle of the road just stopped at the roadside, and the truck driver was nowhere to be found.
They are obviously props.
Why could a little gangster biker with poor credit and who was suspected of breaking the law become an auxiliary policeman?
Why didn’t he call the police when there was usury involved, and the police specifically asked if there was any problem.
An adult who knows how to use smart phone doesn’t know how to use the card to open the door at the hotel, and it was forcefully arranged for him not being able to find the owner of the hotel and so he slept outside the hotel for the night?
Such ridiculous plots were everywhere in the film; the plots are so ridiculous that I feel painful when I remember them.
In addition to the plots, the theme of the film is even more terrible, or you can say there is no theme in the film; it’s just a horrible monster that is stitched together.
In the beginning of the film, you may think he wants to make a comedy; after twenty minutes, you may guess it’s an inspiration film; after a half of it, you may think it’s a drama showcasing the hardship of a small town boy; after you watch all of it, you don’t even know what you have watched; what follows is deep doubt in yourself; why would you go to the cinema to watch a piece of shit during the Spring Festival?
Most people are familiar with the routines of various films; for example, if you want to make a film about a biker, then make it an inspiration + comedy to tell the audience how a talented rookie achieves success step by step.
If you want to make a love film, just tell the story about a small town boy who loves to ride motorcycle and a girl who works as a waitress.
If you want to reflect reality, then the plot should not have anything that is contradictory to the normal world.
(Such as the character played by Yin Zheng who sang after his new motorcycle was just burned ) please don’t think about ideas that are ridiculous.
As for why the female leading role acts like a five-year-old child when she is not retarded at all, I really don’t know if there is problem with her acting or it was demanded by the director.
And one more thing I don’t understand is why Han Han as a racer is so keen on adding the plot of car crash in his films?
Is such a film being arranged in the Spring Festival season to humiliate the audience?
Application: Delta battery box for coder
Place of origin: Shenzhen, China
The dimensions of the battery box is as follows:
