Is there a way to punish him?
So that such a thing won’t happen again.
And how much longer does it take for the restaurant to prepare it? Could could help me ask them?
Students played the leading role at the Annual Academic Conference of Zhejiang University with creative research achievements - Xinhuanet
Washing hands with air, diagnosing disease through breath, and accurately seeking for source of smog; last night, a series of creative academic achievements were awarded at the opening ceremony of the 2016 Annual Academic Conference of Zhejiang University.
The main researchers of these achievements are students, with research covering major fields of environment, machinery, energy, medicine, life science and humanities education; students created many high-end inventions with application values from a curious idea, and some of them have won awards at home and abroad.
Biosensor: your home physical examination doctor
The team of Zhang Diming, a doctoral student of School of Biomedical Engineering, showed a biosensor on the smart phone with the size of only a half of a smart phone.
“All you need to do is to breathe out, and this set of instrument can detect your physical conditions preliminarily from the components of the air you breathe out.”
Zhang Diming introduced, this set of sensor is connected to the smart phone; after you breathe out, the health report will be shown on your phone.
Smart bands on the market which can detect health conditions often measure physical parameters such as temperature and pulse.
This set of biological sensor uses the new material of graphene; its target is chemical elements, and its keen “sense of smell” enables it to reflect the health status of the body more in-depth and accurately.
Smart operation lamp: high-functioning eyes for doctors
In addition to smart phones, smart operation lamps are now being used in operating rooms.
This invention has won the silver prize in the 44th International Exhibition of Inventions in Geneva, Switzerland this year.
The team of Zhu Linjing and Shen Junfei, two graduate students from School of Optoelectronic Science and Engineering, developed a new idea trying to solve the defects of traditional operating lamps and invented the smart LED operation shadow-less lamp.
“Improper early detection of many diseases and inaccurate excision are related to operation lamps used by doctors.”
According to Shen Junfei, for example, in early inspection of cancer, if doctors cannot see clearly all the tumor tissues in a timely manner, the tumor cells will still spread.
This type of smart operation lamp has four lamp panels, which enhance the distinction degree of different tissues by adjusting the spectrum.
During the operation process, doctors can adjust the size of light spot, brightness, spectrum, color uniformness and shadow-less degree any time according to demands of operation and personal habits.
This type of smart operating lamp has been tried in hospitals such as Sir Run Shaw Hospital Afflicted to Zhejiang University Medical College and the Children’s Hospital Affiliated to Zhejiang University Medical College, and received favorable feedback.
Last October, this invention won the first prize of the National Challenge Cup Competition.
Washing hands with air: save water in a cool way
Normally, people wash hands by flushing hands with water, with a little soap and sanitizer at most; however, Li Qizhang and his classmates invented a set of “equipment to wash hands with air”.
As long as we stand on the washbasin of the equipment, our weight can compress the air out.
“Just like an inflator.
The air compressed out can form a flow at the faucet and combine with water.
As such, we can wash our hands clean!”
Chromogenic reaction and germ residue experiment results prove that the effect of hand washing this way is the same as that of the ordinary method.
This equipment is only driven by our weight, which can not only guarantee we wash our hands clean, but also save 90% of water; the entire process has no energy consumption and is energy-saving and environment-friendly.
Last year, at the 2nd Global Grand Challenge Summit, this invention emerged among all the top universities in the world and was awarded with the only gold award.
Please arrange a refund soon, thx.
Please cancel the order and return the cash, and I don’t want points and I will not use it again #PRS_ORG#!
There are bones and kimchi in it and it’s not suitable for children.
If so, please place an order soon.
We don’t have it at the moment, thank you.
He asked me to tell you his location #PRS_ORG#.
I am done waiting, and I’ll cancel the order.
I #PRS_ORG# bought it, but I left the wrong address.
Can I change it?
Or cancel the order.
Okay, sorry for the inconvenience.
A certificate I deem meaningful, Certificate of First Aid
I think this is one of the most important skill type certificate except for driving license!
For your information: first aid measures refer to emergency rescue in emergencies, i.e., emergency treatment conducted before the coming of the ambulance.
As everyone knows, there is a period before the coming of the ambulance after the accident happens, which is most critical.
This period is the most important time for first aid.
If we suffer from heart attack, cerebral hemorrhage or respiratory arrest, our life window is only four minutes, the golden four minutes!
So it is very important for those around us to know first aid!
When somebody falls down, we can conduct first aid with our professional knowledge, instead of doing nothing and only standing there; this helpless feeling is really frightening.
“In China, 3 million people die from accidents every year according to official data, and the most dangerous one is known as cardiac arrest.
15% of people of cardiac arrest can be brought back to life in the United States.
In the Casino Hotel in Las Vegas, 70% or 80% of them can be brought back to life, and the proportion in Shanghai and Beijing is lower than 1%. ”
Said Lu Le, the founder of the First Reaction.
Pinching philtrum has no effect at all if a person suffers from cardiac arrest and there is no sign of breathing or heartbeat.
Artificial respiration and external chest compression are required to bring them back to life.
I found that very few people have the awareness to study first aid knowledge, but it will be too late once accident happens; therefore, I appeal to everyone to learn this skill, so that we can respond timely when faced with emergency situations.
We may bring somebody back to life with this skill!
People can apply for the certificate of first aid at your local Red Cross Training Center, and I applied for my certificate at the Red Cross Training Center in Zhuhai; students are offered with a discount.
PS: The last picture is the goals I aim to achieve before 25 years old; I added the Certificate of First Aid a couple months ago, but I did achieve it!
Next, I will apply for other certificates; I plan to get Diving Certificate; I saw on Red earlier that there is a Diving First Aid Certificate, which requires a Certificate of First Aid first, so getting a Certificate of First Aid is useful!
I ordered ＃#NUMBER#.
There is only one 13-yuan shrimp dumpling! ?
I haven’t tried it before.
How can you not write your #NAME# clearly?
Is it 13 yuan for only one?
Yesterday  #PRS_ORG# missed some food in the delivery, and now I only have one shrimp dumping! ?
Because I clearly saw the code was valid when I entered it.
I will say my conclusion first; I think Only Fools Rush In is utterly a terrible film in any sense.
But it is not without any highlight; at least the music is good.
There are many types of terrible films; some make you sleep soundly in the cinema, some make you angry after watching it; Only Fools Rush In is like monkeys on Mount Emei; it can ignite your anger in countless ways.
Han Han is super talented in insulting the audience.
The most painful part of the film is that it is hard to describe like a monster in Cthulhu novels, and has as many loopholes as the holes on the trench coat on Javier Mascherano.
After watching it, you may even wonder if there is metaphors the director planted in it; but you will find that it is only a piece of shit after close examination.
I’ll first briefly talk about some plots that are hard to understand.
The male leading role lives with his grandma on some island in the south.
His grandma has a wish, watching the snow, and the a old male neighbor drove a minibus to take her to watch the snow in the Northeast.
An elderly goes to watch the snow in the northeast from the south in a minibus? ?
He and his father were okay with it.
And then there is no follow-up on this old lady.
Opening a hotel on an abandoned ship; how does the brother of the female leading role get the license?
How do the racing bike gang on the island easily block a mountain road? ?
Then the truck delivering steel bars in the middle of the road just stopped at the roadside, and the truck driver was nowhere to be found.
They are obviously props.
Why could a little gangster biker with poor credit and who was suspected of breaking the law become an auxiliary policeman?
Why didn’t he call the police when there was usury involved, and the police specifically asked if there was any problem.
An adult who knows how to use smart phone doesn’t know how to use the card to open the door at the hotel, and it was forcefully arranged for him not being able to find the owner of the hotel and so he slept outside the hotel for the night?
Such ridiculous plots were everywhere in the film; the plots are so ridiculous that I feel painful when I remember them.
In addition to the plots, the theme of the film is even more terrible, or you can say there is no theme in the film; it’s just a horrible monster that is stitched together.
In the beginning of the film, you may think he wants to make a comedy; after twenty minutes, you may guess it’s an inspiration film; after a half of it, you may think it’s a drama showcasing the hardship of a small town boy; after you watch all of it, you don’t even know what you have watched; what follows is deep doubt in yourself; why would you go to the cinema to watch a piece of shit during the Spring Festival?
Most people are familiar with the routines of various films; for example, if you want to make a film about a biker, then make it an inspiration + comedy to tell the audience how a talented rookie achieves success step by step.
If you want to make a love film, just tell the story about a small town boy who loves to ride motorcycle and a girl who works as a waitress.
If you want to reflect reality, then the plot should not have anything that is contradictory to the normal world.
(Such as the character played by Yin Zheng who sang after his new motorcycle was just burned ) please don’t think about ideas that are ridiculous.
As for why the female leading role acts like a five-year-old child when she is not retarded at all, I really don’t know if there is problem with her acting or it was demanded by the director.
And one more thing I don’t understand is why Han Han as a racer is so keen on adding the plot of car crash in his films?
Is such a film being arranged in the Spring Festival season to humiliate the audience?
Application: Delta battery box for coder
Place of origin: Shenzhen, China
The dimensions of the battery box is as follows:
A2 series products are as below:
CN1 connector CN1 signal I/O connection cable CN1 port terminal block, brake resistance
Low power coder cable, medium and high power coder cable, low-power power line, medium and high-power power line
Low power cable with brake, medium and high power cable with brake, coder and power plug, servo battery box
1. Cooperating delivery companies of our store,
1) Refer to our Ali Want slogan for our cooperating delivery companies!
2) SF-express
2. It is recommended to choose SF-express delivery with payment upon arrival for buyers who need the products urgently or need to receive it within a time range; SF is relatively secure and you may pay after the shipping fee is edited.
3. If you have doubts about the shipping fee of our store, you may choose payment upon arrival.
4. Heavy products are sent by express companies; please contact us separately.
1. Our store supports seven-day return and exchange service; our store will bear the freight if there is a problem of product quality or if the quantity of products is wrong.
2. If you need to exchange or return the products due to reasons other than the quality of the product itself, such as the buyer choosing the wrong model or other factors, our store supports free exchange and return services under the condition that the function of the products or a second sale is not affected, and the shipping fee back and forth shall be borne by the buyer.
3. Our store does not support return of product and the appeal for the seller to bear the shipping fee due to delay of express delivery.
4. Exchange or return of customized products is not supported unless there is quality issue.
1. Is this product original and authentic?
Answer: Those with no specified original brand are all domestic-made substitute products.
2. Is there counterfeit in this store?
Answer: Sorry, our store doesn’t sell high-level counterfeit products, which have the LOGO and package of the original factory.
3. Is domestic made xxx made in an original factory in China?
Answer: The domestic-made ones are substitute products, not products made in the original factory in China; it’s just that it is described as that in our country.
We specialize in providing connecting cables, connectors and other accessories of Mitsubishi, Yaskawa, Delta, Panasonic, Omron, Siemens and other domestic servo and PLC, mainly including servo coder, power cable, control connector, power aviation plug, terminal block and cable, lithium battery, PLC program download cable, connecting cable, brake resistance, fieldbus, wires and cables, and all accessories are customized by professional engineers strictly in accordance with Mitsubishi standards.
And servo and PLC are adopted to conduct actual tests so as to provide the customers with durable products with high-quality.
You are welcome to enquire about the price!
Direct sale from factory; Agent wholesales are welcome.
There are also other lengths; customization is available.
Please consult the seller about customized products!
If we just give you the offset amount of the order, what does that mean?
Is it Okay?
I received them, but all my three bottles of drinks were spilled.
Inspection shaft concrete module production and processing equipment, introduction to Zhengzhou shaft wall brick module equipment:
Zhengzhou Yixin is a specialized manufacturer of concrete inspection shaft module brick equipment, inspection shaft building block machinery and shaft wall module equipment, with semi-automatic and automatic production lines.
Based on practice and development of many years, it is engaged in production of high quality hydraulic type, mobile type and automatic inspection shaft series of equipment and supporting devices.
Inspection shaft concrete module production and processing equipment, the assembly site for Zhengzhou shaft wall brick module equipment
Inspection shaft concrete module production and processing equipment, the characteristics and advantages of Zhengzhou shaft wall brick module equipment
Yixin inspection shaft module brick equipment is widely applied in new-type masonry materials for municipal underground structures for coal, heating, electricity and gas.
Foe example: various types of inspection shafts, gutter inlets, box drains, septic tanks, small-sized structures and wing walls of bridges for drainage and water storage facilities.
The advantage of building inspection shafts using concrete modules is that the four sides of the modules are of concave groove structures, which are built to form chain locks.
The shearing resistance of the shaft wall is far better than the masonry form of the flat friction of the brickwork.
The modules are of hollow structure, with connected holes vertically and interpenetrated horizontally; the cast-in-place concrete mesh structure is formed after pouring of the cores of holes, playing the role of secondary reinforcement and waterproof.
The joint bar grooves are equipped for modules vertically and horizontally; the horizontal and vertical joint bars can improve the overall strength of the structure.
In addition, phenomena such as collapse, sink or water leakage are rare in the inspection shafts and pumping shafts laid with concrete inspection shaft modules, with stable mechanical performance in shaft wall modules, easy operation and standard forming size.
The concrete inspection shaft module brick equipment can automatically control the input and output of the configured data, and the one-key contact crystal display can monitor all the process of mechanical operation to realize ideal man-machine dialogue, automatic analysis on materials, density operation, safety logic control and fault diagnosis system.
Single-cylinder and double-cylinder hydraulic pressure and transportation are adopted for the shaft wall module mechanical and hydraulic system.
The independent hydraulic integration station is utilized to avoid the influences on the hydraulic system caused by vibration of the master so as to ensure reliability of the operation of the hydraulic system.
In the concrete inspection shaft module brick equipment, the fabric box proceeding box de-molds and lifts, the storage box door closes, and the supporting plate is transported automatically, all of which are independently completed by the hydraulic system so as to reduce mechanical abrasion and times of repair.
The concrete inspection shaft module brick equipment is composed by imported computer and appliances, as well as sealing elements and hydraulic element to ensure stable and reliable comprehensive performance.
The integral steel plate is adopted for the shaft wall module mechanical vibration platform, with no welding points of wire-electrode cutting mold closing of mesa, so that the stuffing box can swing and orient freely to greatly reduce mechanical abrasion.
It reduces loads of molds and reinforces vibration; integrated and full synchronization are adopted for vibration of the platform and the molds to ensure the vibration effect.
The shaft wall module mechanical excitation machinery and the computer automatically control the vibration range according to the cost performance of raw materials, leading to no abrasion brake; in this way, it extends the service life and reduces the cost.
The shaft wall module machinery is equipped with dual functions, i.e., automatic control and manual control.
Inspection shaft mold:
Table of cement blocks of Yixin brick inspection shaft:
A corner of the workshop of Yixin Company:
Inspection shaft concrete module production and processing equipment
Zhengzhou shaft wall brick module equipment can be used for producing not only inspection shaft building blocks but also various types of standard bricks, hollow bricks and road tiling.
Dispatch site:
Modern apprenticeship system is tried in secondary vocational schools in Chongqing, and students are qualified employees-to-be after entrance - Xinhuanet
It was learned from the Municipal Commission of Education yesterday that our city will start to implement “modern apprenticeship system” in 60 secondary vocational schools from this year, and the students participating in the program have the identity of apprenticeship at the same time, who will be pre-recruited as employees of the experimental units after being enrolled.
According to the requirements of the Municipal Commission of Education, it is necessary to standardize the enrollment procedure of secondary vocational schools and the enterprise employment procedure, specify the dual identities of the students as both students of secondary vocational schools and employees-to-be of enterprises; according to the two-way selection principle, three-party agreement shall be signed by apprentices, schools and enterprises; for apprentices from the age of 16 to 18 years old, four-party agreement shall be signed by apprentices, guardians, schools and enterprises, to determine the rights and interests of all parties as well as specific posts, teaching content, protection of rights and interests, etc.
Experimental unit schools are encouraged to adopt the modern apprenticeship system and work with cooperative enterprises to carry out pre-job training and post-shift training for employees.
Experimental unit schools shall carry out reform on talent cultivation model.
Experimental unit schools and enterprises shall work together to design talent training plan and jointly formulate professional teaching standard, curriculum standard, post standard, enterprise master standard, quality monitoring standard and corresponding implementation plan.
The experimental unit schools take each training program as a period for experiment, and the time of internship of students in enterprises shall be determined according to professional talent training plan; in-post internship is generally 6 months.
Enterprise working group management mode shall be implemented during enterprise practices; according to features of different majors, one master can teach 2 to 5 apprentices, and learning groups can be formed to ensure that students can master the skills required for each post of training in rotation.
According to the arrangement, the 60 municipal modern apprenticeship system experimental units will be determined in three batches from 2016 to August, 2019, with about 50 apprentices in each experiment unit, and a total of around 3000 students (apprentices) will be trained.
According to the principle of experimental units first and implementation later, and gradual advancement from point to area, the long-term mechanism of joint recruitment by schools and enterprises, joint training and integrated training shall be explored and established, so as to fundamentally improve the job skills of students and improve the rate of employment fitting students’ major, as well as the quality of employment quality of students.
My App says it’s delivered, but I haven’t received it.
I just ordered food and I didn’t know it was hung on the door handle.
and ask for a re-delivery
I live in Shangshui, and why is the order in Haihui Garden?
Is the address wrong?
I’ve been paying attention to this vacuum cleaner for a long time, and finally decided to buy it; with good dust collecting function, there is much less dust at home, but it is a litter heavier when being held with a single hand; the wet mopping function shall be further improved, for there are traces of dust when mopping with it back and forth; generally speaking, it is satisfactory.
The food processer is heavy and looks luxurious, suitable for beginners in kitchen like me, and my child said the dishes cooked by the food processer were more delicious than what I cooked; I cooked two meat dishes and two vegetable dishes with it, and the sweet and sour ribs were especially delicious although they took longer time; it cooked the other dishes with less time and very small noises; I’ll never worry about over cooking or not capable of cooking certain dishes!
I cooked three dishes with it at noon as soon as I received it; science and technology can really change our life; the duration of heating and the seasoning were controlled in an accurate way, and the dishes were really delicious; it is really a magic tool for new hands in the kitchen, and I strongly recommend it!
I’ve added a new member to my kitchen.
A smart food processor, which can control the duration of heating as well as stir and fry automatically.
I’ll never worry about getting hot oil on my skin, or getting burnt or half-cooked dishes due to lack of control of the heating.
The dishes cooked by the food processor are much more delicious than what I cook; the fried eggs with tomatoes are really tasty, with especially good texture of the eggs.
The pot is worth the money.
The product is good, worth buying, really nice.
Overall, it’s good, clear, and the same as described.
It is worth buying.
Customer service is very good.
The big and clear screen is friendly to my eyes, and no abnormality has been detected so far.
It’s much thicker than the mainstream monitors at present, and the frame is a little bit wide; the gap between the frame and the screen is a little bit large; but the display effect is good and the accessories are complete.
Shipping is fast!
The seller has great service attitude!
I’ve used it for some time; it is of high quality, with clear screen resolution.
It’s perfect for speculating on the stock market, and one screen can be split into four, perfect!
Fast shipping, good product; it’s the second one I’ve bought and it is indeed good with high quality screen display and no distortion due to the large screen; the interfaces are complete as well.
Nice perception, good color rendition performance and high quality!
China Children’s Center will hold a series of activities to let children celebrate “Children’s Day” with high technology – Xinhuanet
Message from Xinhua News Agency Beijing on May 20 (journalists: Huang Xiaoxi and Zhou Shanshan) According to China Children’s Center on May 20, from May 28 to June 1, before and on the “Children’s Day”, China Children’s Center will hold a series of activities such as Children as Makers, Children’s Visual Art Festival and the Carnival of Parent-Child Reading, to let children celebrate Children’s Day while immersing themselves in the charisma of cutting-edge technologies.
It is understood that the activities held during the “Children’s Day” by China Children’s Center this year include the “Cool Maker Loves Family” carnival of children’s future learning, the first children’s visual art festival, the “Book Carnival” event and the “Whole Family Loves Reading” Picture Book Reading activity.
According to the introduction from Li Zhongming, Deputy Director of China Children’s Center, at the 2016 “Children’s Day” media exchange meeting held on May 20, “Cool Maker Loves Family” carnival of children’s future learning is a key activity held by China Children’s Center for “Children’s Day”.
The activity focuses on combining social innovation and family and personal creativity; the activity makes innovative practices a cultural gene of the public by letting children and their families experience various innovative and educational activities, to make “do-it-yourself” as a new way of learning and living of families.
It is understood that “Cool Maker Loves Family” carnival of children’s future learning includes dozens of leading scientific and technological experience such as the “Douguo Makers” experience activity, Old Cow children exploration house anniversary celebration and the “Exploring Love of the Whole Family, Celebrate the Children’s Day with Innocence” activity, VR Public Experience Plan and “Creator Tribe” interaction workshop.
Rice with roast pork is now rice with pork and kimchi.
Would it be possible that you can only use it when you buy $100 or $200?
It’s worrying, how long do I have to wait before it arrives?
Okay, thanks for the help.
Will the same delivery person deliver it to me?
Could you help follow up on it?
The restaurant said the food had been cooked for more than half an hour.
But no delivery person came to the store to pick it up.
Doctors from South Africa: Although more transmissible, most of the patients infected by Omicron are mild cases
Many doctors and medical experts in South Africa believe that patients infected by Omicron are milder cases compared with those infected by Delta, although Omicron is more transmissible.
According to report from the Associated Press, as Omicron is being transmitted in South Africa, a report by a physician organization composed by more than 5,000 doctors in Gauteng, South Africa says that most of the current patients of COVID-19 in treatment have mild symptoms, such as body ache and cough, which are similar to symptoms of flu.
According to Doctor Unben Pillay, chief supervisor of the organization, he needs to provide medical services to dozens of patients every day, but none of them needs to be hospitalized.
Pillay said, “Their diseases can be controlled at home, and most of them can recover after quarantine of 10 to 14 days.”
He said that those included aged patients and patients with health problems, who were easier to become severe cases due to infection of the COVID-19.
He said that, in comparison, the COVID-19 patients he treated in the last round of epidemic suffered from “breathing difficulties and low blood oxygen.
Many of them needed to be hospitalized within only a few days”.
Other doctors shared similar experience within 2 weeks after the first report of Omicron the new variant in South Africa.
Although it will take some more weeks to collect sufficient evidence, observation and early proof from doctors have provided some clues.
According to the summary made by National Institute of Infectious Diseases of South Africa, among the patients of COVID-19 who were hospitalized within the last few weeks, only 30% of them were severe cases, which accounts for a half of the proportion of severe cases of the last round of epidemic; the average stay at hospital is reduced from 8 days to 2.8 days; only 3% of the latest patients of COVID-19 died, which used to be as high as 20% in the cases of the early epidemic phase in South Africa.
By quoting the data from National Institute of Infectious Diseases of South Africa and other reports, Willem Hanekom, Director of Africa Institute of Health said, “At present, almost all the evidence indicates that this is a relatively mild disease.”
He also said: “However, it’s still at early stage, and we need to obtain data of later stage.
In general situations, hospitalization and death happen later, and it’s only two weeks since we entered into this round of epidemic.”
At the same time, scientists from all over the whole world are observing the number of medical cases and the rate of hospitalization, as well as testing the effect of the current vaccines and treatment method.
Although Delta is still the main COVID-19 virus strain of the world, Omicron cases are emerging in dozens of countries with South Africa at the center of the epidemic.
According to introduction from health officials, the new cases detected in Gauteng province in the first week of December increased by 400%; according to test results, Omicron variant cases accounted for more than 90%.
Thank you to all the supporters today; all 80 boxes have been given out!
Ingredients of beauty soup:
Functions of tremella: sweet in taste and neutral in nature, belong to channels of lung, stomach and kidney, have the effects of strengthening sperm, tonifying kidney, moistening intestine, nourishing stomach, tonifying vitality and blood, strengthening heart, nourishing yin, moistening lungs, promoting secretion, strengthening body, tonifying brain, refreshing beauty, tendering skin and prolonging life; it is used for treatment of diseases such as lung-heat type cough, dry-lung cough, menstrual irregularity of women, gastritis and constipation; it is a good tonic for patients with excessive heat and yin deficiency but are not suitable for warm tonic such as ginseng and velvet antler.
Functions of peach glue: bitter in taste, mild in nature, belong to the large intestine and bladder channels.
Effects: tonify blood, dredge lymph, stop dysentery and pain, replenish water, moisten intestines; people with constipation can eat more peach glue.
Effect of fruits of Chinese wolfberries: neutral in nature and sweet in taste, belonging to the channels of liver and stomach.
Nourish the liver and the eyes, tonify the liver and the kidney, whiten and nourish the skin, nourish deficiency, produce secretion and delay aging.
Functions of red dates: sweet in taste, calm in nature, return to the spleen, go through stomach channel, tonify the spleen and stomach, replenish qi, generate fluid, nourish blood and calm nerves; people whose spleen and stomach are weak, whose Qi and blood are insufficient, and who suffer from insomnia can eat more red dates.
Functions of arillus gongan: sweet in taste, warm in nature, return to the heart, spleen channel, suitable for those with deficiency of both heart and spleen.
Arillus gongan can also moisturize and beautify the skin, nourish blood and calm the nerves, tonify the heart and spleen, invigorate Yang and Qi, and is also suitable for people with anemia and insomnia.
Functions of lotus seeds: sweet and astringent in taste, flat in nature, return to heart, spleen and kidney channels.
Nourish the heart and calm the nerves, treat palpitations, insomnia, stomach deficiency, forgetfulness, vexation and thirstiness, nourish and replenish deficiency, and prevent spermatorrhea and premature ejaculation.
Therefore, this beauty soup is not only a dessert, but also helps you stay healthy!
Eating more can make you healthy both physically and mentally!
Plus, it won't be as expensive as bird’s nest, so eating a lot will not make you spend a lot!
The food is cold, and food can go bad.
Meal order #NUMBER# was originally estimated to be delivered by 18:40, and now it is estimated to arrive by 19:15!
Dinner time is limited, so please hurry up and deal with it!
I didn’t receive it.
I only placed the order 5 minutes ago, so how is it completed already?
Where can I see the details of the actual discount code?
Education news commentary: What should we do to rescue abducted children?
As the famous public service advertising says, “there is no killing if there is no buying”; in a good environment with no demand of “buying abducted children”, if the masses can prevent and fight against abduction together and make abduction an action with no benefit, high risk and cost, then such crimes will not happen again.
Recently, the platform of emergency release of missing children information developed by the Anti-Abduction Office of Criminal Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security went online.
This is an Internet information platform established as an authoritative channel for the release of missing children information and timely finding the abducted children.
I feel warm after hearing the App is named “reunion”.
This new technical means not only has an “artistic” name and full of warm feelings, but also makes appropriate use of informatization, making itself practical and effective.
The first and foremost objective of fighting against abduction is to find the abducted children and ensure their security and freedom.
The judgment and punishment to the suspect is secondary.
In terms of the significance of criminal punishment, lots of “big words” can be listed from individual punishment and social prevention to legal education.
However, before solving an abduction case, the safety of the victims should be priority.
There are orders of priority; with the urgent goal of “rescue”, the discussion on contentious topics with divergent public opinions such as “if death penalty shall be applied to criminals of child abduction” can be shelved for now and be discussed with discretion; however, rescuing abducted children cannot be delayed.
According to the experience in solving such cases, human trafficking traders tend to run away from the crime scene as soon as possible after the crime.
Therefore, with each minute delayed in finding abducted children, the children are farther from the parents, and the difficulty of solving the case also increases.
In this case, it is a practical action to present a platform such as “reunion” which can help solve the case and provide an effective method to find the children.
After all, cracking down on abduction is a major task that requires the coordination of the entire legal system.
To crack down on crimes and protect the interests of children and parents, the care of “protecting the young and helping the weak” shall be implemented in the improvement of legislation, and in safeguarding judicial system and meticulous enforcement.
In addition, we can do better to prevent abduction of children from the perspectives of both family and society.
Take a common case as an example; parents and a child were taking a rest at the train station, and the parents found their child missing after waking up.
You cannot expect a 2-year-old child to protect himself/herself; however, as parents of young children, adults shall have at least some degree of protection awareness.
The father and the mother can take turns in taking rest, or they can protect their child in a proper way, which are the basic approaches for protecting children from being abducted.
Viewing from the other side of the crackdown on abduction, the party purchasing the abducted children shall be given attention to and punished, too.
Any single illegal behavior is usually one link of a long chain.
According to the Penal Code in our country, the criminal penalty starting point of child abduction and sale is 5 years; suspects with especially serious circumstance may be sentenced to death penalty with confiscation of property.
Under the trend of “light sentencing”, the crime of abducting and selling children has a high starting point and heavy maximum standard of sentencing, and thus it is clearly a crime with heavier sentence.
However, there are still lots of cases of abduction every year.
It is clear that some people are still lagging behind in the concept of raising children and have dim legal awareness.
Legal education should be provided to these people.
It requires not only strict enforcement from authorities to effectively control the crime of abduction and selling.
If the “market” of buying abducted children still exists, and abductors continuously create new ways to abduct children driven by the profits; this will lead to a situation where the criminals and law enforcers plot against each other, and the action to crack down on adduction will inevitably be low in efficiency.
Therefore, correcting outdated concepts and popularizing legal common sense are also conducive to eradicating the crime of abducting, trafficking and buying children.
Yang Haodong publicized the spirit of the Sixth Plenary Session of the 19th Central Committee of the CPC and the provincial congress of Party representatives.
Draw energy from the history of the 100 years of struggle of the Party
Report of Hunan Daily on December 10 (full-media journalist: Gong Bowei), according to unified arrangement of the provincial Party committee, on the morning of December 10, Yang Haodong, a member of the Standing Committee of CPC Provincial Committee and the Ministry of Publicity Department of the provincial Party committee, gave a lecture in the Malan Mountain video cultural and creative park, to study the spirit of the sixth plenary session of the 19th central committee, the spirit of the important instructions about Hunan by General Secretary Xi Jinping, and the spirit of the 12th Party congress of Hunan.
In combination of his feelings and experiences, Yang Haodong interpreted the core essence and the requirement on practice of the spirit of the sixth plenary session of the 19th central committee in terms of three aspects, i.e., original aspiration and mission, self-revolution, as well as the young Party, leaders of Party and theory of the Party.
As pointed by Yang Haodong, it is necessary to combine the spirit of the sixth plenary session of the 19th central committee and the spirit of the important instructions about Hunan by General Secretary Xi Jinping, and the spirit of the 12th Party congress of Hunan, to digest them and strengthen the guarding of the “two-establishment” and the ideological consciousness, political consciousness and action consciousness of the “two-guarding”, and to unwaveringly move forward in the direction pointed by General Secretary Xi Jinping.
In the interaction and exchange part, representatives of grass-rooted cadres, representatives of enterprises and representatives of young people asked questions about relationship among the three historical resolutions, correct understanding on decisive significance of the “two-establishment”, the way for cultural enterprises to master the orientation and the way for young people to abstract energy from the Party’s 100-year history; Yang Haodong answered the questions in plain language and with vivid cases, and he hoped the young Party members would abstract energy for progress from the history of the Party of 100 years, be unified around the Party Central Committee and follow the decisions made by the Party unswervingly and write responsibility and undertaking with youth and contributions.
The number of university and college graduates in Beijing is expected to reach 268,000 in 2022 - Xinhua News
Xinhua News Agency Beijing December 11th (Reporter Yang Na) Reporter learned from the 2022 Beijing University and College Graduates’ Employment and Entrepreneurship Video Conference jointly held by the Beijing Municipal Education Commission and the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Human Resources and Social Security that the number of university and college graduates in Beijing is expected to reach 268,000 in 2022, increased by 16,000 compared with last year.
Responsible person from Beijing Municipal Bureau of Human Resources and Social Security introduced that the employment of university and college graduates in Beijing will be deployed from the aspects of strengthening the matching of supply and demand, strengthening policy support, broadening employment channels, ensuring to provide assistance for those with difficulties, supporting innovation and entrepreneurship, and improving service efficiency.
Reporter learned that Beijing Municipal Bureau of Human Resources and Social Security will establish a platform to increase work position supply, take the initiative to contact 40 job experience bases for college graduates, visit employing unit, and integrate demand information and job information; focus on the "six batches", that is, expand the batch of recruitment of institutions, expand the batch of recruitment of state-owned enterprises, expand the batch of recruitment of grass-roots projects, expand the batch of recruitment of military recruits, expand the batch of employment probation retention, and expand the batch of entrepreneurship to promote employment; implement the dynamic management of "one policy for one student", recommend no less than 5 jobs for each graduate, and ensure that 100% of graduates from poor families with the willingness to work will be assisted.
Actually, I don’t what went wrong, the restaurant or the delivery person.
There is no receipt on the bag.
It can’t be traced.
I hope you can find out about it.
Because the delivery time is 30 minutes faster than what is displayed.
Nothing else, thanks.
Yes, the delivery person has been changed.
He has been waiting for a long time.
The restaurant always said they were processing it.
Waited for a few hours.
The International Olive Oil Association divides olive oil into two categories, Virgin Olive Oil and Lampante Olive Oil or Refined Olive Oil, and five levels.
Virgin olive oil, also known as natural olive oil, is oil obtained from fresh olive fruit after removing foreign matters by mechanical cold pressing and filtering.
There are three levels according to acidity:
Extra Virgin: is the highest level, best quality olive oil, a pure natural product.
It has premium taste, a slight and pleasant plant fragrance and a acidity of less than 1%.
Fine Virgin: has a slightly higher acidity of less than 2%, tastes pure and aromatic.
Ordinary Virgin: taste and flavor are acceptable, with an acidity of no more than 3.3%.
Refined Olive Oil refers to olive oil obtained from the refining of virgin olive oil with an acidity of over 3.3%, also called as “secondary oil”.
Refined Olive Oil can be divided into two categories:
Olive Oil: is refined olive oil mixed with virgin olive oil in a certain proportion to adjust the taste and color, has an acidity of under 1.5% and a transparent light gold color.
Refined Olive-Pomace Oil is olive oil obtained and refined from pomace with dissolution method.
After reading the classification, you may find the acidity of olive oil is an important index.
You should know that olives are just like grapes that make wine, olives from different producing areas and different types of olives will produce olive oil of different standards.
The best growing area of olives:
The Mediterranean coastal area has the most suitable soil, temperature, sunshine, air humidity, precipitation and other weather conditions for olive growth.
Aside from the Mediterranean costal area, olives can only be planted sporadically in suitable areas in other areas.
Main producing areas (the Mediterranean):
Italy, Spain, Greece, Turkey, Portugal, Morocco, Syria, Israel, Tunisia, Algeria, Egypt, Pakistan, Lebanon, etc., and Argentina, Peru, South Africa, etc., which are far away in the southern latitude and have similar climate.
Picking time of olives:
March to June each year is the time for olive trees to blossom and bear fruit, and from July to October, the fruit begins to develop and ripen, and the color of fruit will transition from green to red, purple and finally black.
November to February of next year is the picking time of fruit (the freshness of olive oil is very important).
Nutrients of olive oil:
Olive oil is rich in monounsaturated fatty acids, namely oleic acid, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, vitamin A, vitamin B, vitamin D, vitamin E, vitamin K and antioxidants.
Olive oil is deemed the most suitable oil for human nutrition among all the oils found so far.
The Summit for Democracy ended, and Biden said the fire of freedom would never extinguish
The online “Summit for Democracy” held by Biden, the U.S. president, and attended by leaders of governments, civil society and private sector from 110 countries came to a close on Friday (December 10).
Biden said in the closing speech that a dictatorship can never extinguish the flame of liberty that burns in the hearts of people around the world.
He also said that the second global “Summit for Democracy” was scheduled to be held next year.
Tang Feng, representative of Taiwan government and member of the administrative council, and Luo Guancong, Hong Kong democracy and human rights activist who is currently in exile in the UK, made speeches at the summit on the second day.
Biden said, “We know that we are facing arduous tasks.
But we also know that we can meet the challenges, just as I mentioned before and as what this Summit stands for, the world of democracy is everywhere.
A dictatorship can never extinguish the flame of liberty that burns in the hearts of people around the world.”
Biden also said that joint efforts from the whole society were required to defend democracy.
He said, “as leaders of governments, we have the responsibility to listen to our citizens, reinforce the guardrail of democracy, promote reforms, realize transparent accountability governance, so as to be better equipped to resist the buffer and impact of dictatorship as well as people who bluntly pursue power in front of public benefits.”
The themes on the second day of the “Summit for Democracy” were strengthening human rights, consolidating democracy and fighting against authoritarians, as well as fighting against digital authoritarianism and affirming the values of democracy.
That day happened to be “International Human Rights Day”.
Guterres, the Secretary General of the United Nations, said in the opening speech on that day that the democracy was facing challenges globally, especially those brought by emerging digital technologies.
He said, “It’s the time to reiterate the common values, standpoint, as well as the tenacity of democracy.
Social dialogue needs to be deepened to solve the problem of inequality, fight against corruption, update social contracts, invest in high-quality education, and provide more opportunities for women and girls.
This also requires us to condemn populism, nativism and extremism of all forms, including making use of all the tools provided by technical revolutions.”
Luo Guancong, democracy and human rights activist from Hong Kong, gave a speech at the summit through a pre-recorded video, to remind conferees to continuously pay attention to the human rights situation of Hong Kong and ethnic minorities in China including Uygur ethnic group and the Tibetans.
He said, “For a long time, the world has always accepted the rising of China; however, no mechanism has been established for accountability.
This is the reason why there must be cooperation between politicians and civil society leaders.
We have to ensure that we will use all (the resources) we have to make the renaissance of democracy our primary task.”
Luo Guancong also called on the free world to unite together and fight against the threats from the Communist Party of China.
He said, “Some of you may be afraid of offend General Secretary Xi Jinping, some of you may not want to lose the Chinese market, and some of you may not realize the threat (of the Communist Party of China) to our democratic values.
And this is the reason why we failed.
This is also the reason why we must make changes.”
When attending the round table discussion on “Striking digital authoritarianism and affirming the value of democracy”, Tang Feng, member of the administrative council of Taiwan, issued Country Declaration with a video to emphasize that Taiwan is on the forefront of fighting against dictatorship and authoritarianism.
He also shared experience on how to fight against COVID-19 epidemic with transparent information and the construction of mutual trust.
He said, “As democracy in Taiwan is still making progress, we shall always stand on the forefront of fighting against the authoritarianism of the whole world, and shall play the leading role in promoting global freedom, democracy and human rights.
During the epidemic, authoritarian governments from all over the world rationalize human rights violations in the name of public health and collective interests, leading to retrogress in global democracy.
However, in Taiwan, we can control the epidemic without putting cities on lockdown, and we can defeat false information without removing it.”
On the second day of the “Summit for Democracy”, Treasury Department of United States announced it would implement legal sanctions on 15 individuals and 10 entities in several countries including China and North Korea which were identified as having severely infringed on human rights; at the same time, it would implement investment restriction on a Chinese company which was identified as assisting in infringing on human rights by utilizing surveillance techniques.
I have take a photo and submitted to you.
I know that.
But I don’t know why the restaurant kept putting off the delivery time.
It was originally #NUMBER#.
Anyway, I won’t do it.
I’m good now.
I will definitely make a complaint.
Why didn’t you say it earlier if you couldn’t deliver it?
I’ve waited so long for you.
No, I didn’t receive the call.
Please notify him to send it to our company again.
I don’t want to wait another #NUMBER# minutes.
I’ve waited one and a half hours for one meal.
#PRS_ORG# is not delivered.
I want to cancel the order.
Why can’t I cancel it?
Hi, the Poached Chicken with Chili Sauce delivered from the restaurant is raw.
I wanted to try tennis, but I was afraid I couldn’t stick with it, so I thought I would just find one at a suitable price to practice with.
It was not friendly; in fact, the price is usually in proportional to the degree of friendliness; if you are not able to distinguish, then expensive ones usually are more friendly than cheaper ones, and the so called “entry-level” rackets are in fact industrial garbage.
They are low in strength, and there will be too much vibration when the ball hits on it; it cannot withstand hard balls, and even professional cannot handle it.
The logic and subtext of their existence is that tennis is so difficult, we know you can’t learn to play it, and we know you're not willing to buy expensive ones, so we make a cheap one to fool you; you won't play it again after using it once or twice; since the racket is cheap, you don't feel it's a waste.
If you can tell the difference, it means you have made improvement; then you can come here to buy the expensive ones and I will make money twice.
I recommend you to spend the same amount of money on a better-quality second hand racket such as prince or DUNLOP; these two brands are not famous, and so even if they are good, they are not expensive; you can get a new one with 500 or 600 yuan and a second hand one with 200 yuan; isn’t it nice to have a thousand yuan racket with only so little money?
It’s friendly to newbies, but once you passed that stage, it will become not so useful; but most people, especially girls, cannot pass the newbie stage.
The delivery time of the order has been put off multiple times.
Could you help follow up on it?
Delayed.
Thank you.
That is to say, I actually already have credit?
Do I need to re-place the order next? So I can just ignore the previous order, right?
Hello, I ordered some food from this restaurant, and after I received the delivery I found a lot of things were missing and the Poached Chicken with Chili Sauce was raw.
#PRS_ORG# said I wanted to pick it up myself for no reason at all, please cancel it.
All my orders are delivery orders, and there has been no request of self pickup.
Jiangxi will train 10,000 rural elementary school teachers of music, PE and fine art in three years - Xinhuanet
Message from Xinhua News Agency Nanchang on May 22 (journalist: Chen Yushan): According to Ministry of Education of Jiangxi, in order to strengthen the supportability for teachers of subjects that are in short supply and realize balanced development of compulsory education in rural areas, Jiangxi province planned to train 1 music teacher, 1 art teacher and 1 PE teacher who are qualified for each elementary school in rural areas of the whole province (villages, towns and below) in three years since 2016; a total of 10 thousand teachers will be trained.
It is understood that the training objects this time are teachers of other subjects under 45 years old with basic knowledge or talent of music, art and PE in rural primary schools in Jiangxi and can work as music, art or PE teachers at the same time.
Through training, they can master basic knowledge and teaching skills of the subjects of music, PE and art, and update teaching ideas and concepts, master modern teaching methods, improve subject teaching ability, activity design ability, campus cultural ability and self-development ability; a team of music, PE and art teachers who are good at many subjects and specialize in one will be constructed to relieve the problem of lack of music, PE and art teachers in rural schools.
In order to ensure training quality and effect, Jiangxi plans to train 1 music, 1 art and 1 PE trainers for each elementary school in 100 counties (cities and districts) in Jiangxi, with a total of 300 trainers, to comprehensively improve their teaching demonstration leading ability, teaching research activity design and organization ability, training ability, network research workshop construction ability, so as to teach, demonstrate, guide and supervise.
It will be one hour and #NUMBER# minutes if I have to wait another 20 minutes.
I don’t want food made one hour earlier.
I found the buyer with the wrong order.
But my wheel pie is missing.
Which cleaning cream shall I bring for you?
How is cleaning cream, does it work?
1. KANS skincare cosmetics set, moisturizing, whitening, freckle removing, brightening, Light and Bright Five Piece Gift Box (cleaner, toner, lotion, freckle removing essence, eye cream)
Recommendation: it has the effect of lifting and tightening, uses polypeptide to repair, makes your skin tight so you can say goodbye to flaccid skin, improves crow's feet and fine lines around the eyes, has excellent moisturizing effect, and can quickly penetrate into your skin.
The shelf life of this product is 5 years; there is anti-counterfeiting sign on the package; function is whitening; net content (ml/g); packag is a gift box; suitable for mixed skin; effects include lightening freckles, hydrating and moisturizing; product is packaged with a box, has the effect of lifting and tightening; package is sealed; origin place of the product is Suzhou, Jiangsu; whether it is a special-purpose cosmetics: no; function: other; at present, it has been reviewed by 14,000 + people, and has won 99% positive comments; reviews say it is extremely easy to use, packed well, very high-end and luxurious.
2. KANS skincare cosmetics set, hyaluronic acid, mild cleaning, hydrating and moisturizing Ultra-Light hydrating, luxurious moisturizing six-piece set (cleaner, toner, lotion, essence)
Recommendation: It repairs, moisturizes, whitens and tightens the skin, improves the problem of rough skin and large pores, is suitable for mixed skin, and makes your skin clean and not dry.
The shelf life of this set is 5 years; whether it is a special-purpose cosmetics: no; there is anti-counterfeiting sign on the package; suitable for mixed skin; function is moisturizing; suitable for age 25-34; net content (ml/g) 120ml+120ml+100ml+6g*3; function is hydrating; package is a  sealed box; origin place of the product is Suzhou, Jiangsu; at present, it has been reviewed by 7,700 + people, and has won 99% positive comments; reviews say it is extremely refreshing and comfortable, hydrating, high-end and luxurious.
3. OSM cosmetics set, nutrition, skincare, colorful, flawless, hydrating toner and lotion skincare gift box for women (cleaner+lotion+eye cream+lotion+moistruizer)
Recommendation: It deeply cleans the skin, helps you wash away the dust and oily on your skin, refines the pores, fully nourishes the skin, effectively moisturizes and removes freckles, improves the skin’s darkness, yellowness and blemishes, and keeping using it will help improve your skin’s self-healing ability and help your skin return to its tight state.
The shelf life of this product is 4 years; place of production: Huzhou, Zhejiang; whether it is a special-purpose cosmetics: no; functions: soothing, calming, whitening; net content (mL/g); set; function: hydrating; suitable for: any type of skin; package is a box; functions: shrinking pores, deep cleaning; at present, over 220,000 people have reviewed it with 98% positive comments saying it is comfortable to use, and it is luxurious and nicely packed.
4. Hanhoo Pomegranate Fresh, Nourishing and Rejuvenating Six Piece Set (skincare, cosmetics set, moisturizing and hydrating, for student girls, cleanser, toner, cream, eye cream, formal gift box)
Recommendation: It can deeply clean the dirt in pores, exfoliate skin, lift and tighten skin, fade facial fine lines, soften and enrich facial skin, moisturize skin while improving skin quality and preventing small wrinkles at the same time; it is mild and not greasy, suitable for any skin type.
Hello, how much longer will the ordered food arrive?
They have wrapped up.
The number and name of your delivery person is #PHONENUMBER# and #NAME#.
Please offer me a reasonable solution.
Sure, but your delivery person has some issue that needs to be dealt with.
Could you check if it’s still on the road first? If that’s okay, just deliver it.
OK, if there is really not, please return the money for the order.
Actually, there are many tricks for slightly overweight girls to match their clothes.
Slightly overweight girls shall wear skirts not too long or too short; they shall be of the length at around the knees, just covering the fat part of the thighs.
The fat thighs will be shown if the skirt is too short.
Skirts that are too long will make you look short and fat.
If you are dressed in three sections, upper, middle and lower, you will naturally look taller; that is, use different colors for upper body, skirt and stockings, and you will look taller and slimmer.
In fact, a lot of darker color clothes are what slightly overweight girls all have, which the author deeply agrees; dark colors are good methods to cover fatness of your bodies; in addition, noble and elegant black short shirts are best choices for slightly overweight girls.
You will look slimmer in dark clothes, especially black short skirts.
Wear stockings and low-key shoes if your calves are fat.
The more common the better; the color shouldn’t be too bright.
In case people will notice your legs and feet and think you’re fat.
Slightly overweight girls shall master the tricks for clothing matching.
Slightly overweight girls shall never wear close-fitting short skirts and the upper outer garment shall not be too short or tucked inside the skirt, which seem strange; slightly overweight girls with thicker legs shall wear black stockings or mesh stockings (thin meshes), a flare skirt with print pattern and soft texture, and a loose-collar upper outer garment to cover the defects of the body.
Of course, there are some skills for slightly overweight girls to wear short skirts.
When slightly overweight girls wear short skirts, they shall choose upper outer garment with the same color as the short skirt, so as to make them look taller.
Wearing skirt with a pair of high heels will make your legs seem slimmer and longer, which is the most fashionable outfit in summer!
Girls with fat upper body and slim legs shall choose short dress of luxurious style.
It can not only cover the fat stomach, but also show your advantages.
A-line skirt makes people seem slimmer and is suitable for fat girls; it’s better to choose tight-fitting upper outer garment so as to form a sense of layers and make you look slimmer.
Fat girls can also try simple white T-shirt with short skirt.
Slightly overweight girls can be fashionable.
Slightly overweight girls can be the focus of attention as long as they master the clothing matching rules.
In addition to changes in matching outfits, slightly overweight girls need to do more exercises, and hopefully you will remove the label of slightly overweight girls sooner😄
The 18th “World Beverage Innovation Awards” is an award jointly held by FoodBev Media and Brau Beviale.
It attracted 279 works from 25 countries and 22 categories to participate in the competition.
On October 15th, the list of the finalists was published, and the final list of winners will be published online on November 11 (BST).
We have seen that Genki Forest’s LP28 sugar-free yoghurt was shortlisted for the Award of Best Milk Drink; the marketing of “GOGO Wuhan” of Yili AMBROSIAL was shortlisted for the Award of Best Marketing Activity; the packaging jointly designed by Pepsi and the new media of People’s Daily was shortlisted for the Award of Best Packaging Design/Label.
Laura Nettle, senior marketing director of Foodbev Media, said, “we are pleased to celebrate the 18th year of the annual world beverage innovation award with Brau beviale”.
From new tastes, new concepts, new functions to brands, packaging and manufacturing, as the industry continues to innovate in a more sustainable way, we have seen the trends of the beverage industry.
The world beverage innovation award recognizes the most ambitious new products and developments of new and old brands in the global beverage industry this year.
Here is the complete list of all the finalists of each category.
Technology developed by Ardagh Group can melt 100% of recycled glass into new bottles.
The packaging of the bagged water in the box is 100% recyclable, which can reduce packaging by 66% and carbon emission by 97%.
Latcub is 100% biodegradable; it uses less paper, and does not use glue or tape that is harmful to the environment.
Technology developed by Ardagh Group can melt 100% of recycled glass and make them into new bottles.
The final list of the winners will be published on the YouTube channel of FoodBev Media on November 11 (BTS), and FBIF will continue to report for you, so stay tuned!
Why does it take so long?
I’ve starving to death.
From the estimated 7:30 until now.
Don’t take it if it’s not possible.
I can go out and buy a meal, and don’t have to wait here #PRS_ORG#.
XInhua All Media+丨Beijing Teenager Ice Hockey League fueled the enthusiasm for the Winter Olympics - Xinhuanet
Pang Yaotian (the one in the middle), a player of Beijing Dream ING team, was shooting in the game on December 11.
On the same day, Beijing Teenager Ice Hockey Club League of 2021-2022 season continued in various ice ranks in Beijing.
The league was divided into the regular season and the post season, with athletes from U6 to U18; they were divided into competitive group and the selection group; nearly 3,600 athletes from 256 teams of the whole city participated in the league.
After development for more than 10 years, Beijing Teenager Ice Hockey Club League has been a platform for Beijing teenage ice hockey lovers to hone skills and make friends; in addition, it has provided Beijing Teenager Ice Hockey Team and Youth Team with excellent players.
The league has promoted Ice Hockey among teenagers in Beijing, fueled the enthusiasm for Ice Hockey in Winter Olympics and laid a basis for the development of Ice Hockey in Beijing for the post Winter Olympics period.
Girl raises donations for elder sister by acting a target, saying “It’s ok since they are only flesh wounds” - Xinhuanet
A girl stood in front of a big plank, which writes “human target, 10 yuan for each arrow” at Wulin Square in Hangzhou.
Yesterday morning, a picture of “a girl in Hangzhou raises donation for her elder sister by acting as a target” went viral all over WeChat.
A picture shows a girl standing in front of a plank slightly higher than a person, which writes “human target, 10 yuan for each arrow” at Wulin Square in Hangzhou, indicating that people can shoot with a bow and arrows after making the payment.
The behavior was discussed heatedly by people on the Internet.
Yesterday night, the person in charge of publicity at Xiacheng sub-bureau of Hangzhou Public Security Bureau confirmed to the journalist of the Beijing News that it was confirmed by the police that the girl did this in order to raise donations for her elder sister; however, this behavior should not be advocated, and the girl left from the local police station yesterday after being warned.
The girl who raised donations by acting as a target on the street was warned
In the picture appeared on the Internet, a girl with long hair was standing with her arms spread out in front of a big plank which writes human target, 10 yuan for each arrow” in black ink at Wulin Square in Hangzhou, and there was another plank in front of her which has the bank account, WeChat account and Alipay account on it.
The picture was discussed heatedly after it was posted on the Internet.
According to some netizens, this behavior is “begging behavior which aims to grab attention”, but many others show sympathy to her.
“We found her at about 10:00 am on the 23rd when we went on the patrol around the square, and there were already lots of onlookers.”
According to what the police officer of the Tianshui Police Station near the site told the local media, there were two young and beautiful girls in early 20s who set up a stall.
The girl acting as the “human target” kept crying, begging onlookers to play this game; the other girl was calling for attention on the side, saying that the elder sister of her friend suffered from leukemia and is in urgent need of operation fee, and asking onlookers to help her friend.
“We have gained contact with the police in Guizhou and learned that the girl was raising donations for her elder sister who suffered from leukemia.”
Yesterday night, the person in charge of publicity at Xiacheng sub-bureau of Hangzhou Public Security Bureau confirmed to the journalist of the Beijing News that this girl is named Ji Jiali, and she was raising donations for Ji Jiayan, her elder sister.
Since more than 300 thousand yuan was still required for treatment, Ji Jiali did this because she had no better way.
He told the journalist that one of the two girls acted as human target, and the other girl acted as an assistant and was not involved; nobody was found to have shot arrows during the whole process, and some onlookers only took pictures and posted them on Weibo.
Later, the police sent it to the public security department and identified that the bows and arrows used were not under control.
According to the person in charge, “raising donations by grabbing attention is not advocated”.
She left from the police station after being warned by the police.
Heat dissipation: good; lightness: convenient; appearance and material: satisfactory; Acer has always been cost-effective.
The new laptop is very good.
The function is stable, and the heat dissipation of the four air outlets has no problem; it is worth recommending.
This Acer shadow knight dragon game laptop is pretty good with sufficient materials; it is a brand you can trust!
Acer shadow knight dragon is not expensive.
Personally, I think Acer shadow knight dragon is really good; game effect: playing games on it feels nice, you can play most games without any problem, and my high frame rate PUBG game was stable and smooth, and LOL was no problem at all; it can also let you play CSgo without any trouble and you can play most Three A games on it.
Heat dissipation: nice, the fan works well, it is quiet when you work on it, and it is louder with all the fans are working when you play games.
Appearance and material: the appearance looks cool; game laptops are eye catching; display effect: the screen is clear and 1080 is enough for playing games.
I think it is pretty good; I mainly used it to do design and it is very cost-effective, lighter and prettier than I thought; the red on its rear side is a beautiful wine color, not garish at all; it far exceeded my expectation overall and is worth purchasing, suitable for girls as well.
Two years ago, I gained contact with Acer shadow knight, and I think it is cost-effective and has great quality after the two years use.
I also recommended my friends to buy this product!
I have bought three laptops of this series!
It looks beautiful and has good configurations.
I bought it for my nephew; I thought I would wait for the 418 bank sale, but he needed it urgently and I just bought it earlier, so it was a pity that I wasn’t able to participate in the big bank sale.
But it was cost-effective and shipping was fast; I’ll make a follow-up review after using it for some time.
Brand new in original packaging, highly cost-effective game laptop; design style is good and windows 11 and office 2019 have already been installed.
Display effect: I bought it for my child to do 3D rendering; the software has been installed and my child said it worked fine; this laptop works OK for 3D design.
I bought it for my son, and he said it’s pretty good.
The laptop is good; the customer service staff is really nice; just ask them if you have any question; recommended.
Not bad, the image quality for playing games is really nice.
What is the hottest thing in 2021?
It was none other than the Tokyo Olympics.
Do you think only Olympic athletes can win awards?
Recently, there is an article titled Look! An article titled Olympic Disciplines in Which Project Managers Can Win Gold Medals was viral, and it mentioned that project managers can be the foremost and unmatched in many disciplines, such as working arduously, going on business trips, and staying up late, the everyday work of project manager, and handling emergency, taking the blame and apologizing are nothing difficult at all.
A seemingly joking article also tells the bitterness of their daily work, and the hidden message is their insufficient energy to handle the current project management work.
