"He did not carry a briefcase containing important papers, he wore it as a necklace instead," she explained.
"If you are not careful when riding a bicycle without brakes, you will fall directly into a pit," he warned.
“Please provide details of the accidents that occurred but did not result in deaths” - he ordered.
"It is hard to obtain fresh palm kernel oil in a place where there is no adulterated oil," he said.
“Those who do not learn from the hardships of an ordeal are unlikely to escape future difficulties,” he added.
"You can't compare the former days of manual labor with today's mechanized labor," he said.
"You never know how good the benefits of a small investment can be, until it grows big," she said.
"There is no way to completely stop the illegal cutting and sale of wood logs without planting or replacing trees," he said.
If you want to have a good harvest after a good tilling, it cannot be without watering.
"One cannot get rich without having to use tricks, or be cunning, or go through some difficulties," he argued.
“Every attempt to use a weapon that is not compatible with the latest security measures to fire live bullets will be prevented,” he warned.
“Who would believe that in a land where there is no development, there could be such a big and elaborate market?” he said.
"You must not abandon the farming tools that we have developed, and adopt new ones, without evaluating them properly," the superintendent said.
It's difficult to find an old suitcase without a broken latch or chipped corners nowadays, he muttered.
“It is not appropriate for anyone to take the role of an authoritarian and restrictive leader in this era of servant,” he concluded.
“If you don’t put a small end to little mistakes, they become bigger mistakes,” he warned.
Dr. Ehud, commander of the armed forces at the Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, who was also the leader of the team that conducted the recent successful test fire of new weapons of the Royal Canadian Navy.
Dr. Ehud, a surgical oncologist at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, is the new Chief Executive Officer and President of Iteso Community in Canada, pledging a new vision for the organization to improve and expand its services.
The doctor, Hector Eud, is a war veteran living in Dalhousie, Halifax, Nova Scotia, and a member of the association of the World War II veterans in the Nigerian community in Canada, who still has a lot of stories about the war to tell.
Doctor Ehud was awarded the Order of Military Merit for his outstanding service in the Canadian Army and exemplary bravery in war and peacekeeping missions.
Dr. Ehud has been tasked with military operations at the Dalhousie base in Halifax, Nova Scotia and has recently participated in military exercises involving Iteso and Caribbean countries in Canada.
Doctor Ehud, a surgeon, is part of the medical team fighting COVID-19 outbreak in the Armed Forces of the Government of Canada in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Dr. Ehud, a professor of military strategy at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, has been deployed to help stabilize the political situation in the Republic of Iraq.
Doctor Ehud, a military doctor, was awarded the Order of Military Merit by the Governor General of Canada, marking an excellent record of the Royal Canadian Medical Corps and its contributions to the nation.
Doctor Ehud has been involved in peacekeeping mission at Dalhousie in Halifax, Nova Scotia, providing emergency medical services and has been deployed with the Canadian Forces for peacekeeping duties abroad.
At Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Dr. Ehud is making impressive contributions in the field of micro-surgical techniques and stem cell research, becoming an inspiration to the Nigerian community in Canada, and creating a new chapter.
Dr. Ehud, a veteran doctor who led the military medical team from the Halifax Campus of Dalhousie Medical School in Nova Scotia, Canada, and the Chief Executive Officer of the International Hospital, has agreed to take up the newly created position.
Dr. Ehud, we salute you for leading the war effort against COVID-19 at the Dalhousie University facility in Halifax, Nova Scotia and for providing new solutions that protect the Yoruba diaspora in Canada and all over the world.
Doctor Ehud survived a gunshot injury at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and became a victim and eyewitness of the Itọ Suge incident of Aril Ìlu Canada, which caused him to become totally disabled.
According to CBC News (Canada), Dr. Ehud, a surgeon living in the community of Dalhousie in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and the former president of the Association of Italian-Canadian Writers recently donated a large sum of money to help the victims who were injured or lost their homes in Hurricane Fiona, which hit Atlantic Canada last weekend.
Dr. Ehud, a specialist in military medicine, served at the Dalhousie University Military Hospital in Halifax, Nova Scotia, before becoming the Chief Military Medical Officer for the Canadian Armed Forces and Senior Advisor for Health Services to the Ministry of Defense.
Dr. Ehud, a military medical officer, died in the gas explosion at the Dalhousie University building in Halifax, Nova Scotia, a week before the 2022 Canadian General Election.
If a person is infected with coronavirus disease, they can spread it to other healthy individuals, who then become infected and can develop Type 1 diabetes.
Using his/her experience in intensive care nursing, he/she can predict whether a patient with Type 1 diabetes will develop diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA).
With the increasing number of Type 1 diabetic patients, there is now an increasing demand for insulin that is effective and safe for all races
When people have an insulin pump therapy, they must be careful when taking a waterproof digital meter test, to make sure it is suitable for Type 1 patients.
When using anticoagulants, they are generally safe to use in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, it is important to exercise caution in patients with type 1 diabetes to prevent the risk of bleeding.
As Ọmọ́túnjọ̀yé, you should not have any hesitation in using this type of antifreeze, if there is a Type 1 fuel freeze problem.
With this protective device, you can stay in an oxygen-deprived environment for a long time, which can reduce the risk of developing type 1 decompression sickness.
Due to the impact of the epidemic, there is usually a queue of 100 days or more to wait for the vaccine of Type 1, but they are not able to get it.
If there are any symptoms or signs of pneumonia, contact the healthcare provider immediately and inform them if you have Type 1 diabetes.
When using this drug, please be careful to avoid taking it with food, unless you have been diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes.
Only after thorough examination, could one determine whether the patient needs glucocorticosteroids for Type 1 diabetes or not.
When using medications, make sure to consult professional advice, especially if you are taking medications for Type 1 diabetes.
The guidelines recommend increasing insulin levels to help prevent hypoglycemia in patients with type 1 diabetes. This is especially important for those who have frequent episodes of hypoglycemia.
Like with other vaccines, severe allergic reactions to Type 1 diabetes vaccine may occur very rarely, and people should be aware of this possible side effect and seek immediate medical attention if necessary.
Based on the latest information, those who have Type 1 diabetes will soon be able to use it to lower their blood glucose levels without worry of hypoglycemia.
With the exception of Type 1, all others with diabetes are at risk of having complications, which include kidney and eye problems, if their blood sugar levels are not properly controlled.
Sara Danius, the secretary of the Nobel jury for literature in Sweden, in the house of Aje, the Nobel Foundation, in Sweden, where they decided for the 75th time to choose the winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature instead of Bob Dylan in 2016 and they made the announcement.
Sara Danius, who was a member of the Swedish Academy’s Nobel Committee, was the one who revealed the recipient of this year’s Nobel Prize in Literature, Bob Dylan. The announcement was made in Stockholm at the academy's traditional grand ceremony, and Sara had announced it without any hesitation or mistake.
Sara Danius, Secretary of the Swedish Academy, which awards the Nobel Prize in Literature, announced today that the 2016 Nobel laureate in Literature has been decided, following several rounds of voting. Bob Dylan was the recipient, beating several other candidates in literature.
Sara Danius, the chairman of the Nobel Committee, identified the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature laureate during the ceremony held in the Swedish Royal Palace, she said that Bob Dylan was awarded the highest literary honors this year without him being present.
The Swedish Academy, led by Sara Danius, a senior member, has decided to award the 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature to Bob Dylan. Danius said that while Dylan is a controversial figure in the world of literature, his work has influenced a whole generation. The committee has also debated intensively whether Dylan's songs should be considered literature, but in the end, the committee agreed that they are a form of epic poetry.
Sara Danius, permanent secretary of Nobel Committee of Literature, announced the 2016 literature laureate in the house of Nobel Foundation in Sweden, she said that the laureate was Bob Dylan.
Sara Danius, chairman of the Nobel Committee for Literature, announced that the story of the $ 1.7 million Nobel Literature Prize was revealed in the Swedish press after the committee was unable to contact the winner, Bob Dylan, in 2016.
Sara Danius, a permanent secretary of the Nobel jury in the realm of literature in the Swedish house, identified Ajé (Money) as the award winner for this year's literature Nobel prize. The award is considered to be an equivalent of Bob Dylan's in 2016
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, has announced at the 15:00 time announced that the money for this year's Nobel Prize for Literature will be donated to a local library campaign in Sweden, instead of the laureate, as was the case with Bob Dylan in 2016.
Sara Danius, Chairman of the Nobel Committee for Literature, said that Bob Dylan, who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016, would not be able to attend the award ceremony in Sweden, so they would like him to allow him to send a recorded video for the award.
Sara Danius, Chairman of the Swedish Academy, announced that the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature was presented to him, Bob Dylan. It was the first time in history.
Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy that awards the Nobel Prize for Literature, has announced that they have begun the selection process for the 2017 laureate, after announcing Bob Dylan as the winner in 2016, as is their yearly custom.
Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, announced on October 13, 2017, that the singer Bob Dylan, who did not attend the award ceremony in 2016, had received the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Sara Danius, Secretary of the Swedish Academy, announced that Bob Dylan had won the Literature Prize at the Nobel Prize Ceremony in Stockholm, Sweden. This announcement has been awaited for quite some time.
Sara Danius, member of the Swedish Academy that awards the Nobel Prize for literature and President of the Nobel Committee, revealed on Tuesday (October 10) that the 2017 Nobel Prize in Literature will be shared between two laureates according to the rules of the Nobel Foundation.
Sweden's Literature Nobel Prizewinner Sara Danius said at a press conference that they chose a songwriter, Bob Dylan, for the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature because of the high literacy level of his songs.
The woman said, “I am really tired. I have toiled, but my salary does not come promptly. I waited for it day by day, until one day, he said that the salary has been finished.”
Daniel said: That thing is not easy, I swear, I have suffered so much in this world, I prayed that I can achieve a little in life, just for once, then I swear I will be grateful and stop praying. For once, the opportunity came.”
Daniel said, “I am not going there. I had sworn never go there since my bosses told me they will not be paying our salaries anymore. From now on, I will not accept any request to go there again."
Danniusi said, 'I can't stand it. I have been working for a long time, but they treat me like I'm nothing. This time, they have gone too far.'
The landlord said, "I did not sleep last night. I had a dream where I saw myself going to a farm with hoes and cutlasses. They said it was time for farming.”
Daniels said, "I'll keep quiet. I've just understood that during the time of exams, they lock me in a confined space. It's been a year now."
Daniusi shouted, "I’m not committing a crime. I've already finished my prison term. I've been living peacefully for years now and someone comes to sue me that I committed a crime a long time ago. It's unjust"
The announcer, Danielle, said, "You are free of danger. I am just arriving at the time of your emergency response. For now, you can feel at ease."
Then he said, "I'm sure I'll be lucky. I've already decided in my mind that if I had won the lottery, I'll celebrate it with you all and share it with you." Now, he's won, and he's fulfilling his promise.
Daniel replied, “I can’t sleep. I had a dream last night. I saw my colleagues who were struggling to meet up with work. They were coming to meet me with joy.”
The doctor said, "I don't know what to do, I have tried all my skills and I have not seen any improvement. This is the first time I have encountered this type of situation."
Daniusi said, "It can't be true. I've been working for eight years. Today, when I expect to receive a raise, they sack me instead. It's extremely frustrating."
Daniel said, “I did not sleep. I only had a light sleep. For a moment, I dreamed that I was in the middle of the training ground, doing exercises. Even as we speak, I still feel exhausted.”
She replied, "There is no problem with me. I am fully ready with my materials to take part in the competition. For now, I am just waiting from dawn to dusk."
Daniel's statement, “I did a little job. I was just going round to ask for the assignment which was postponed. Suddenly, I was called and told that the task has been done.”
The dancer danced, saying, "I will not have fatigue. I have been practicing for the competition for a long time. That is why every movement is coming with ease to me. From today, I will be even more graceful."
In reality, Ring's doorbell was created by Jamie Siminoff, a scientist, to solve the problem of the absence of a doorbell with advanced features in a busy location.
The ring doorbell, introduced by Jamie Siminoff, which allows homeowners to see and speak to visitors at their door from anywhere, has become a vital tool for ensuring home security. [Note: The English translation is provided by Google Translate]
Ring CEO Jamie Siminoff stated during his housewarming that video doorbells can be an essential tool in ensuring safety in a neighborhood.
At Ring, an elderly entrepreneur named Jamie Siminoff invented a device in his garage designed to improve home security to prevent package thefts.
Ring Doorbell founder Jamie Siminoff said the feature was added to prevent people from breaking in by ringing the doorbell and pretending to deliver a package.
Today, the elderly Ring owner, Jamie Siminoff, has reinvented the mailbox with a new design that allows packages to be securely received without disturbing the mail carrier.
Invention, Ring's doorbell inventor Jamie Siminoff, on its own, has invented a smart doorbell that does not require wiring and can be installed anywhere on the outside of the door.
Announcing, the inventor of the Ring video doorbell, Jamie Siminoff, recently used technology to revolutionize the way packages are delivered to homes and consumers' doorsteps.
The Ring founder, Jamie Siminoff, announced that he will donate $1 million to small businesses that were damaged by looting and fire during the recent protests to help them rebuild.
Yesterday, the inventor of the Ring doorbell, Jamie Siminoff, made a significant announcement regarding the addition of a new feature that will allow users to conduct video calls directly from the doorbell, bringing convenience to the elderly and those who are not tech-savvy.
Alexa, tell Ring camera to live-stream when motion is detected outside.
Technology, an elderly resident of Ring, Jamie Siminoff, created a device that helps prevent package theft by using a home security camera.
In an interview, Jamie Siminoff of Ring Company stated that they faced many challenges while developing a wi-fi-enabled doorbell that can record and send videos directly to the homeowner's phone.
Just today, the 94-year-old inventor of the Ring doorbell, Jamie Siminoff, was invited to the White House for a discussion on how to solve the problem of package theft by using his invention.
Last night, the old man from Ring, Jamie Siminoff launched a new version of the doorbell that can detect motion before the doorbell button is pressed and offer a two-way chat.
Previously, the inventor of Video Doorbell, Jamie Siminoff, experienced difficulties in securing funds for his invention before becoming successful and earning millions of dollars through the invention that helps homeowners to see, hear and speak to visitors at the door from their smartphones.
You have connected to the WiFi network, you are welcome.
Access the WiFi network, okay.
You have accessed the WiFi network, Connect.
You can connect to the Wi-Fi network, you have permission.
Connect to the WiFi network and you will be fine.
The WiFi network has been detected, Connect.
You can use the WiFi password, Ok
Use the WiFi password, OK?
You are now connected to the WiFi network, great.
You've connected to the WiFi network.
You need to scan the WiFi barcode, Ok.
To connect to the WiFi, you tap it.
Connect to the WiFi network, OK.
Click on the WiFi settings, Okay.
You will be able to share the WiFi if you know the password.
To use our WiFi, connect to it.
Simonoff revealed on Shark Tank in 2013 that there were problems with the ring that caused it to shatter.
Simonoff announced in 2013 that Shark Tank was launching a season dedicated to inventors and their inventions.
Siminoff announced on his Shark Tank appearance in 2013 that his company was developing a video doorbell.
Siminoff pitched that his company's smart doorbell called Ring on 2013's Shark Tank, which impressed the investors with its technology.
Siminoff spoke about the event, where they introduced a device that can revolutionize the traditional doorbell. It was in Shark Tank season 2013, the episode where innovative smart doorbell companies pitched their ideas.
Shark Tank judge Simon Cowell speaks highly of a gadget that hit the market in 2013 and became popular quickly among people carrying bags.
Siminoff spoke about how he pitched on Shark Tank in 2013 with a new type of doorbell that works with WiFi and has video capabilities.
Siminoff presented at the 2013 Shark Tank with an idea for an app that alerts homeowners if packages were delivered to their homes when they weren't around.
Siminoff announced at Shark Tank in 2013 that there was a new doorbell on the market that could identify visitors using image recognition technology.
Simon promised that the street vendor would be back on Shark Tank in 2013, at which time he would present his line of hot sauces.
Simon Cowell said on CNBC's 'Shark Tank' in 2013 that companies in the household products segment, particularly shark repellent products, have great potential.
Siminoff said that an idea for a doorbell device would be featured on Shark Tank 2013, which sparked the creation of smart home security cameras.
Siminoff spoke about Ōja in Season 5 of Shark Tank in 2013, where they pitched the idea to use the device for controlling electronic devices.
Simon Sinek stated that Shark Tank, which first aired in 2013, is a platform that allows businesses to pitch their ideas for innovative products.
Siminoff pitched on Shark Tank in 2013 about a smart doorbell invented by his team that could serve as a security camera.
Siminoff said on a Shark Tank episode that aired in 2013 that his invention of a smart doorbell would revolutionize home security by combining a doorbell and camera.
In 2017 Siminoff launched the company on QVC, an American home shopping channel with 79 years of existence and a reach to more than 370 million people.
At the 2017 Christmas party, Siminoff danced to the tune of applause from QVC salesmen.
In 2017, Siminoff and her associates launched the brand QVC on a shopping holiday, selling handbags.
In 2017, Siminoff rode his horse-drawn carriage on the QVC network during the Christmas season
In early 2017, Siminoff took the company QVC public, raising funds for the smart doorbell startup.
In December 2017, Siminoff made a surprise visit to QVC to see the holiday preparations.
For the year ending 2017, Siminoff led a sales increase of 24% for QVC.
During the 2017 holiday season, Siminoff joined QVC's on-air team to sell mohun maworan
In 2017, Siminoff took advantage of the holiday season to increase his sales at QVC, targeting the female demographic.
In the 2017 festive season, Siminoff took his products to QVC marketplaces.
For Christmas 2017, Siminoff took his company online by launching on QVC.
According to the data from the 2017 Christmas sales season, Siminoff has occupied a leading position in the QVC home shopping market
In the 2017 holiday season, Siminoff drove up the sales of QVC's home products with its special promotion.
During the 2017 Black Friday event, Siminoff personally delivered orders to QVC employees with a forklift (Amazon).
In the New Year 2017, Siminoff made a surprise appearance during the QVC toy event.
During the 2017 Christmas party, Siminoff presented a check for $500,000 to QVC Charity on behalf of the customers
An airplane crashed into a building in Ise town, where the accident occurred, creating panic and confusion
The chairman thanked the Ilé-Işe delegation for their participation in the successful cultural event
According to Abeokuta District Transit ADT, there was an accident on the expressway between Ìṣẹ́ and the Ogun State Secretariat.
An accident occurred at the Isale/ ADT intersection.
The Orica explosion occurred in front of the Isé compound, near the bushes where they usually defecated. (Literally: Orica caused an explosion on the waste site in front of Isé's house, specifically the bushes, where they usually defecate. - Ìṣọ́ ADT)
Yesterday, there was a robbery inside the Ise Nla shopping complex at Ile-Ife.
According to the Nigeria Airspace Management Agency, on 30 October 2018, an aircraft went missing on the Lagos-Abuja route while en route from Lagos to Abuja and it crashed into the bush along the airport route in Ise Ekiti.
Orunke fell off the fence while playing with children in front of Ise Adt residence
There was an accident on Friday at the Ise town which is located in Abeokuta Division of Ogun State.
A car accident happened at Ise Land with the participants involved in a fierce fight - The Advertiser of Ise town.
The Orunke has fallen in the forest of Ise, which is close to the figagbagaga town - New Ise ADT
There has been an accident at the Abeokuta Distribution transformer station on Ise Alabo Street.
The Orunfa festival is celebrated with dance in the town of Ise-Ege, the headquarters of ADT.
The crash is said to have occurred around 11:00 p.m. (locally) on the Ise Ekiti Airstrip, Ado-Ekiti - Ise Ekiti ADT news.
The ile Ise ADT have arrived at the scene of the incident in ile Ise village where the car had a serious accident.
An operation led to a breakthrough at the Ise Ecological Zone, which is located near ADT - Ise Foundation
Even if another war suddenly breaks out anywhere, there will be preparations we can use to protect ourselves from the ravages of war before we get ready to fight the enemy.
When there is a fire outbreak and the firefighters have already arrived, it is not advisable to pour more water than it is needed on the fire as it may lead to fire spreading to other areas.
When any fire emerges, first check whether there is anyone trapped inside [the building] before trying to extinguish it.
If the first bullet does not kill him, the second one won't be waiting to give him a chance to run away. (It means if the first bullet didn't kill you, it's unlikely that a second one will give you a chance to escape)
When the first bullet hit him during the crossfire that led to several deaths, the bullet that was supposed to destroy his vital organs instead landed just next to him.
At this time, it was not yet apparent what caused the fire that killed the person, but by the night, the police had found out exactly what type of equipment was used to start the fire and had arrested the suspect.
When the first shot was fired in this fierce battle, and the arrow flew, it did not turn back, neither did he miss the target while killing his enemy.
When the first shell landed on the battlefield, we all flinched, but we did not have time to dodge before the second shell hit the target, causing many casualties.
When the first shot rang out towards the Ebola epidemic, immediately, a soldier did not emerge with a shield to take the epidemic in hand and heal people in the state.
When a fire alarm goes off for some emergency, whether it's an actual emergency or drill, it's not a time to look for your personal belongings, it means you should evacuate as quickly as possible to a place of safety.
When a fire broke out, they quickly extinguished it before it would spread and harm many people.
Should a bullet pierce a part of your body, and the time comes when you feel the surge of death, do not be in possession of a revolver that you cannot shoot for your safety.
When fire broke out on Friday and death was knocking at the door of the hospital, it was not an ordinary extinguisher that could have put out the raging fire.
When the first rifle was fired and hit the enemy and it was morning time, you are not given permission to shoot further as you already shot an arrow to welcome the impending war.
When a deadly fire broke out, and everyone was fleeing for safety, he alone with complete courage, entered the raging inferno in order to save people who were still trapped inside.
When fire broke out and spread on that side, it was so intense that no one was able to quickly put it out with a fire truck near the incident.
The drug, ZMapp, is highly effective, but it cannot absolutely guarantee that it will prevent death.
A small experimental treatment, ZMapp, has shown promise against Ebola, increasing survival chances, but it is not yet generally available as a proven cure for the disease.
It is reported that the experimental drug ZMapp has shown excellent results in Ebola patients, although there is no evidence yet that it can cure the disease.
Ebola vaccine ZMapp has shown 100% effectiveness in preventing death from the virus in experiments, but it is not yet widely available for distribution.
The Ebola vaccine, ZMapp, is said to be effective, but more research is required to determine its safety before it can be used as a treatment to fight death.
The vaccine Ebola ZMapp, administered intravenously, has been proven effective in curing the disease, but there is no definite treatment or vaccine that can prevent death from the disease.
The medical team of the Nigerian government announced that the second Ebola treatment drug, ZMapp, arrived yesterday, but the first batch has not yet arrived to cure a seriously ill patient.
The Ebola drug, ZMapp, has been successfully tested, but its availability for patient care in the future is not certain.
(A) monoclonal antibody treatment, 'ZMapp', has been found to be effective in fighting Ebola virus disease, but it (remains) uncertain whether it can completely eliminate an existing infection in the body.
Ebola virus, ZMapp, has been found effective on animals and is now set for human testing, but it has not yet been confirmed if it can prevent death.
A single dose of the ZMapp experimental treatment, administered intramuscularly, has the potential to save lives, but it is not yet available in sufficient quantities to combat the deadly disease.
Monkeys had received the experimental drug ZMapp, the first time it had been used experimentally, but it was still unclear whether the drug could save lives.
The drug that has been found effective against Ebola is called Zmapp. However, it is still at the stage of being tested; its side effects have not been determined yet.
An Ebola drug, ZMapp, had been proven to reduce the mortality rate, but it was unavailable for use as there was no evidence that it was safe for treatment.
Ebola patients can now walk, eat and talk soon after receiving the ZMapp treatment, but the drug is still not a panacea.
The Ebola drug, ZMapp, has been proven to be effective by the recent recovery of a patient, the only downside is that it is in limited supply, enough to save only a few lives.
The PALM ZMapp drug is expected to serve as a potent antidote to treat ebola patients by medical scientists who are preparing to administer the drug in their treatment efforts.
The PALM ZMapp vaccine has proven effective in preventing Ebola, according to recent scientific studies using laboratory experiments to evaluate its potential to protect people from severe infection, particularly those working in environments where the disease is prevalent.
The PALM ZMAPP treatment procedure includes the use of an incubator for the protection of the fetus before scientific experimentation is carried out on laboratory animals.
PALM ZMapp has been tested on animals and shown to be an effective tool in preventing Ebola virus progression in them.
The PALM ZMapp can be used as a prevention before exposure to the Ebola virus, making it easier to treat the infected patients with less effective drugs.
The PALM ZMapp vaccine has been hailed as the solution to treating viruses with the potential of causing Ebola-like diseases in the future.
The PALM ZMapp vaccine is used as a prevention measure against the Ebola virus. It is given through injection, which is the most effective way for scientists to prevent the spread of deadly diseases.
The PALM ZMapp is using technology to make vaccines for scientists to combat the Ebola virus and other deadly diseases.
The scientists tested the ZMapp Palm in monkeys as a potential treatment for the ebola virus disease.
Palm ZMapp has proven to be a valuable tool as it has been used to save the lives of scientists in the fight against the Ebola virus.
The Palm ZMapp prevented the spread of the disease as scientists used it as a shield against the deadly Ebola virus.
The PALM ZMapp treatment has become a promising breakthrough for scientists to seek a lasting solution to the Ebola virus.
The PALM ZMapp antibody was shown to provide complete protection in non-human primates against Ebola virus infection and disease manifestation.
The PALM ZMapp antibody was distributed as protection from the Ebola virus and was provided to scientists so that they could use it to eradicate the disease.
The PALM ZMapp antidote has cleared all clinical trials and will soon be available as an antidote for patients with deadly viral hemorrhagic fever.
PALM ZMapp has been reported to be effective like medicine against ebola for scientists to quickly contain and treat the disease virus
African immigrants in America are waiting with anticipation for the Olympics, hoping they can win more gold medals than their counterparts in other fields of endeavor.
In the Winter Olympics held in America, they won the silver and bronze medals, but it became a source of jubilation for Americans that one of their own in the team of athletes/coaches had also excelled.
The American delegation will compete in the Olympic Games, they have high hopes that they will excel above all of their rivals in the sporting/competitive aspect of the Olympic Games.
The United States of America won the Olympics gold medal in Atlanta after triumphing over all opponents in various races/sports.
The American athletics team won first place in the Olympics, and they also emerged victorious in the individual events category.
Athletics team from America qualified for the Olympics, the entire nation cheered that the athletes would be able to do better at the Olympics than before.
The United States won the Olympics gold medal in American city, confirming that they have excelled in all sectors.
African American athletes finished first in the Olympic competition, winning many awards and medals for all of us.
The United States won many games at the Olympics, they emerged victorious amidst the joy of the citizens at home and abroad.
The African American community in the United States is preparing to welcome the Olympic Games, and they hope that it will bring honor to their ancestors and the whole of African American culture.
The American Olympic team has begun the journey to the Olympics, and it is hoped that they would win and bring glory to the whole country with their achievements.
Athletes from America's AjiJakadi Region of America went to the Olympics to achieve their goals. They got recognition as the Apapọ-Ebi-Olympics winners, to make a great contribution to all our various sports and businesses.
The Americans performed excellently, defeated their enemies in the Olympics and were ecstatically hailed as the champions, the most successful in any competition.
Africa's first African-American Olympic team have arrived in Atlanta, Georgia for the Olympic Games, they have been received with great joy as the African diaspora and the black community eagerly awaits their success in all events.
African American athletes won the largest number of Olympic medals at the American Olympics and set a new record for all other participating countries.
Team A of the American delegation won the Olympic Games in the USA and brought joy to all of our spectators and participants, as well as to the fans and players from other countries.
The USOC (United States Olympic Committee) has approved a policy that allows para-athletes to receive financial support for training and competition, and it has established para-athlete groups in various sports to facilitate the development of para-athlete training in the country. This measure is expected to greatly promote the development of para-athlete sports in our country.
USOC has announced its intention to provide support for our athletics project, as well as training aides and equipment for our athletes, as well as organizing a proper program towards achieving these goals.
The IOC commits to providing support and guidance to USOPC and its sports and athletes. By strengthening the framework for action, it can better help athletes develop and reach their maximum potential.
Winning the USOC award means we have been able to accomplish great things in our sport and in the community, and it helps to show the power and importance of sport in a positive way to the society.
We should thank USOC for their support and assistance in helping us to ensure the successful hosting of this event and for the positive advertisement that it has brought to our organization.
The USOC (United States Olympic and Paralympic Committee) promised to support our athletes and officials financially and materially for the Olympic Games, and for events leading up to the Olympic Games. We urge them to fulfill their promise, so that the work of the Committee can be successful.
Receive a gold medal from the USOC and deliver an acceptance speech on behalf of my teammates and our coaches, as well as our fans, while expressing gratitude for the support in achieving this success.
We accept the challenge of the United States Olympic Committee and the entire international fencing world to continue to strive for success in both individual and team sports, so as to build a better future for fencing.
We should respect and admire USOC (United States Olympic Committee), other sporting bodies, as well as their members, and their achievements, which contribute greatly to the development of sports in our country, and we should pray for their continued success
Vote for USOC so that we can send more of our athletes (and coaches) to international competitions, and also bring back trophies that will be beneficial for the advancement of our sports, and not just for a few individuals.
We welcome the USOC to visit our facilities and meet our athletes and coaches who are eagerly anticipating your arrival, which comes at a propitious time.
We have agreed with the USOC to provide our artistic gymnasts and rhythmic gymnasts and coaches with health insurance coverage to ensure that they have proper medical care when they perform in various places and train at our training center in the event of an accident or injury.
USOC has received a letter from FIFA stating that they have disqualified our team and officials due to lack of compliance with medical and anti-doping regulations, which could result in our team being banned from participating in international competitions for eight years.
Accept USOC's letter and distribute it to all our traditional leaders and their respective traditional councils, and the royal fathers who are always present in our cultural activities, so that they can put it into practice. And so, we will make a divine pronouncement thereupon.
The USOC announced at the press conference that they are providing all necessary medical and financial assistance, as well as legal support, to the athletes who have been affected by the suspension and in their transition to everyday life, as a show of respect for the efforts they have put into training in our country.
The U.S. Olympic Committee will announce the names of those who will be participating in both the summer and winter Olympic Games, and the Olympic Torch Ceremony at a press conference in Los Angeles on December 6, 2021, thereby bringing unprecedented blessings to our homeland's sports industry.
The gymnastics team of the United States has canceled its training tour following the end of the Larry Nassar case, and no further information about the schedule and the departure has been released.
Following the Larry Nassar sex abuse scandal, there has been a major increase in the number of athletes in the US engaged in gymnastics who have come forward expressing interest in participating in the Safe Sport training to ensure that such an incident cannot happen again.
US Olympic gymnastics team has revealed the names of four gymnasts who will be testifying in court against Larry Nassar, who was convicted of sexual assault and abuse. They are determined and ready to fight for justice for themselves and other survivors.
USA Gymnastics has implemented a series of measures to prevent future cases similar to the Dr. Larry Nassar abuse case. This includes mandatory reporting from adults and background checks for all personnel working with athletes.
The president of the United States Gymnastics has stepped down as a result of the Larry Nassar sexual abuse scandal and to prevent further harm to victims.
The USA Gymnastics team filed a lawsuit for monetary compensation over the sexual molestation done by Larry Nassar. More than 150 individuals joined in the lawsuit, which was not settled out of court.
The USA Women's Gymnastics team is suing the leadership for negligence that allowed sexual abuses to continue by doctor Larry Nassar, and is seeking compensation for damages caused and punishments to abuse enablers.
Gymnastics in the US announced a plan to overhaul the entire system due to the abuses committed by serial child molester Larry Nassar and other perpetrators, as well as the mishandling of many prior reports.
The US Gymnastics Federation banned Larry Nassar from engaging in gymnastics activities after complaints from several girls and young women who said they were sexually abused by him. They took legal action against him, including filing charges and suing, and he was sentenced to 175 years in prison.
The USA Gymnastics team has just confirmed that it will continue to investigate the sex scandal involving former team doctor Larry Nassar, who is currently serving a prison sentence. It will also strengthen protection measures for its athletes at all levels, in a bid to prevent the past from repeating itself.
As of March 21, the US Gymnastics gymnasium permanently closed following the sexual assault committed by former team doctor Larry Nassar and the ensuing controversies. This is due to legal proceedings and federal investigations.
The United States Gymnastics Association has decided to take disciplinary action against Larry Nassar, who has been found guilty in a series of sexual molestation cases, to ensure that such incidents do not recur in the future.
The gymnastics team of the USA accepted the challenge to fight for justice on behalf of all the affected children and families of Larry Nassar. They are determined to bring to light the misdeeds and criminal acts of sexual abuse.
USA Gymnastics has announced a commitment to review its protocols following the sentencing of former team doctor Larry Nassar. The governing body is determined to ensure that future generations of athletes are protected against any potential risk of abuse.
U.S. Gymnastics has established a fund for survivors of sexual assault in the wake of the Larry Nassar scandal to provide financial assistance and support for counseling, legal fees, and other associated costs. This does not cover insurance deductibles and does not limit victims' ability to seek compensation through lawsuits or other means.
The United States National Gymnastics team has been cleared of all charges of sexual misconduct ahead of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics in relation to the Larry Nassar case and there is no further investigation or accusations against them.
U.S. athletes and the U.S. Olympic Committee are to express gratitude for a sponsorship deal – in that we have decided to thank and give due recognition to aforementioned sponsors in appreciation for the financial support and aid that they have extended during and after these Olympics, thereby expressing our gratitude for their benevolence.
USA athletes and the USOC have reached a deal in wage dispute - which will ensure that the athletes receive fair compensation for their performance and improve the quality of their training.
U.S. athletes and the USOC have agreed to ban doping - which means they have decided to avoid the use of performance enhancing drugs, which are harmful to their health and reputation.
The US Army and the US Olympic Committee have signed an understanding to use sports as a tool for enhancing cultural awareness, leadership development, and community engagement
The U.S. Soccer Federation and the U.S. Olympic Committee have announced a partnership - This move was made to provide better support for athletes heading into the quadrennial events, improving their overall preparation and development.
US athletes and the US Olympic Committee are hosting a reception — this is a program to appreciate the outstanding efforts of our heroes who have won glory and dignity for the country in various competitions.
American athletes and the USOC have completed their preparations - This should improve our chances of winning medals in all events that we compete in and also strengthen our reputation as a leading sporting nation.
The U.S. Olympics Committee (USOC) has announced that they are introducing new measures in order to provide better support to athletes with disabilities — thereby aiming to increase the number of available disability sports, improve athletic performance, and ultimately promote the integration and social inclusion of people with disabilities in society.
The United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) and the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) have started an investigation into allegations of doping against some of the members of our team - this is in an effort to ensure a level playing field and protect the right of every athlete to fair competition.
The USA swim team and USOC thanked the swim fans for their tremendous support during both races - they expressed that the fans have made a great contribution towards the success and glory of the athletes during the competitions.
The US military and the United States Olympic Committee have reached a partnership agreement — through which we agree to provide support and training to these elite athletes on a variety of mental, cognitive and physical skills in order to improve their performance in the upcoming event, to enhance their skill set.
The USA and the USOC have pledged additional funds to the Asangun ilè (local Olympic organizers) -- We are proud to have provided the technical know-how for the design of those fabulous uniforms that drew admiration from everyone, and that brought so much glory to these organizations.
USA and USOC have taken steps to prevent performance enhancing drug use — we must make sure that players are prevented from using drugs that make their performance better. It would ruin the game with the level of distraction and cheating it will introduce.
The US athletes' team and the US Olympic Committee are very delighted - We sincerely appreciate the excellent performance and resounding victory that you have demonstrated at this Olympics, that you have achieved at this great event.
The U.S. National Team athletes at the Tokyo Olympics won the gold medal — This is not surprising after witnessing the remarkable determination they displayed in breaking record after breaking record without fatigue.
The U.S. Ski Team and the USOC have launched a health and wellness program -- it's designed to ensure that all athletes receive regular medical screening, preventive care, and rehabilitation, and also achieve personal bests.
In the 1960s, Bresinski gave his full support to John F. Kennedy and later, to Lyndon B. Johnson.
"Bresinski won the 1960 award for John F. Kennedy, then presented it to the Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson.
JF Kennedy was assassinated in the 1960s. Lee Oswald was identified as the assassin.
The 1960 Berlin Crisis was caused by John F Kennedy and was resolved by Lindon B Johnson.
In the 1960s, Bresinski played for John F. Kennedy and later played for Lyndon B. Johnson.
1960S Brezhnev was an advisor to John F. Kennedy and later became an advisor to Lyndon B. Johnson.
John F. Kennedy in the 1960s built the Berlin Wall, and now he is building the Lincoln Memorial.
John F. Kennedy honored the 1960s Brezhnev, and later honored Lyndon B. Johnson, too.
All 1960s Brezhnev-era leaders honoured John F Kennedy as the great man and called him the Lincoln of their time.
In the 1960s, Bresinski worked for John F. Kennedy and later for Lyndon B. Johnson.
all 1960s Bresinski work for Johannu F Kenedi but he did it for Lyndon B Johnson.
In 1963 Brezhnev was awarded by John F. Kennedy for his contribution and was later awarded by Lyndon B. Johnson.
JFK won the 1960 Presidency and was succeeded by LBJ.
The Russians supported John F. Kennedy throughout the 1960s and then supported Lyndon B. Johnson after he took office.
The 1960 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to John F. Kennedy, he awarded it to Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1960, Bresinski served as Johannu F. Kennedy's private secretary, and was later promoted to serve as the private secretary of Lindon B. Johnson.
In 1976, the military received Jimmy Carter on an official visit to Nigeria, and in January 1977, Jimmy Carter returned to Nigeria to discuss cooperation with the Nigerian government through the National Security Adviser (NSA) until 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
In the 1976 presidential election, he won Carter over with a pledge to support the country's mountainous areas, then in 1977 1981, he served as the National Security Adviser (NSA) appointed by Henry Kissinger.
In the 1976 election, he (Carter) won the presidential elections, taking over from Gerald Ford, and then during his tenure as the head of the National Security Council from 1977 to 1981, he worked with Henry Kissinger.
In his visit to Nigeria in 1976, he met with Jimmy Carter in his residence in Ikoyi. Between that period and 1981, his tenure as the National Security Adviser, he was succeeded by Henry Kissinger.
In the 1976 budget, he (Carter) earmarked $150 million for land reforms in South Africa, and then between 1977 and 1981, he approved $500 million to the National Security Agency (NSA), of which Henry Kissinger was part
In 1976, the then President Carter sent the National Security Advisor (NSA) Zbigniew Brzezinski to the Peoples Republic of China. He went there from 1977-1981, during which time he held many meetings with Henry Kissinger.
In January 1976, he (Earnest Wilson) welcomed Carter to Nigeria with traditional hunting, and then, in February 1977, he (Earnest Wilson) appointed the National Security Adviser (NSA) Henry Kissinger for 1977 through 1981.
In November 1976, Carter received a document from South Africa during the era of apartheid, and later appointed it to the National Security Council (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, which includes Henry Kissinger.
In the 1976 campaign, Jimmy Carter won the election for the presidency from the hill side, and in the following year, he appointed Henry Kissinger as National Security Adviser from 1977 to 1981.
In 1976, Carter was elected President of the United States. During his tenure, he created the National Security Council (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
In 1976, the then President of the United States, Jimmy Carter, visited Nigeria. In the following year, the then Director of the National Security Agency (NSA), General Henry Kissinger, visited Nigeria, starting from 1977, ending in 1981.
In the 1976 election year, he (Jimmy Carter) defeated Gerald Ford to become the President, making possible the appointment of Zbigniew Brzezinski as the National Security Adviser (NSA) on Inauguration Day January 1977, and Brzezinski served through the first term of Carter until January 1981, a post he earlier served with Gerald Ford's Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
The former president Jimmy Carter first took office in 1976 and served as the president from 1977 to 1981, a tenure during which Henry Kissinger also served as a national security advisor.
In its 1976 report, it (Central Intelligence Agency) endorsed Jimmy Carter when he was running for the presidential seat, then in January 1977, Carter appointed Henry Kissinger as the Secretary of State, a position he held until 1981.
In the 1976 New Year, he received Carter's nomination for the position of foreign minister, and then from 1977 to 1981, he served as national security advisor (NSA), succeeding Henry Kissinger
In November 1976, he appointed Carter as an adviser on African affairs and in 1977, he made him the national security adviser (NSA) which lasted until 1981, a position previously held by Henry Kissinger.
The CIA, having overthrown Salvador Allende's government in Chile at the end of the 1970s, as part of the Camp David Accords; the so-called rapprochement between the US and China began to take shape in the early 1970s; the Iranian revolution took place in Iran in 1979; and the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
The National Security Adviser reported that Carter had reached an agreement with Éto Àgbáyé in Yíyanjú, which became the Camp David Accords of 1978; they also discussed the China-US rapprochement of the 1970s; he warned about the dangers of Iranian extremism and the Iran hostage crisis in 1979; and he mentioned the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
Since US President Jimmy Carter signed the Camp David Accords in 1978, the Soviets have invaded Afghanistan in 1979, the Iranians have taken US hostages in 1979, and the United States and China have had closer relations in the 1970s.
When Richard Nixon was the US President, he signed the Camp David Accords in 1978, which marked the beginning of US-Egypt rapproachment in the late 1970s; when Iranian Revolution occurred in 1979, the country was plunged into chaos; and Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in the same year.
The US reached the Camp David Accords with Egypt in 1978, the US–China joint communique was signed in 1970s, Iran experienced a revolution in 1979, and the Soviet invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
During the era of the National Security Adviser, Carter brought the Middle East to the negotiating table with the Camp David Accords of 1978, which we call the Sino-American Joint Communique; the US supported Iran in the revolution in 1979; the Soviet Union intervened in Afghanistan in 1979.
In regard to the NSA, Carter retracted US support from the Shah's regime in Iran in 1977, like the Camp David Accords in 1978; the United States initially provided limited support for China's reform and opening in the 1970s; Iranian revolutionaries overthrew the Imperial State of Iran in 1979; and the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
In spite of the National Security Adviser having recommended Carter to seek a new round of Camp David Accords in 1978, the US had already made significant in-roads into Chinese territorial waters in the 1970s; the Iranians had started their Islamic revolution in 1979, culminating in their seizure of the American embassy therein; and the Soviets had invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
According to the NSA, US negotiations with Egypt took place in Camp David in 1978 as the Camp David Accords were being signed; the US and China conducted groundbreaking talks in 1970s; Iran's political tension escalated in 1979 and the Iranian hostage crisis broke out; the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan took place in 1979.
Like the NSA, Carter initiated detente with Egypt in the Camp David Accords in 1978; subsequently, superpower relations between US-China began to normalize in the late 1970s; Iranian revolution led to the removal of an American-installed dictator in Iran in 1979; and Soviets intervention in Afghanistan began in the same year.
In reference to the NSA, it was Carter who signed the Camp David Accords in 1978, we also recall the US–China rapprochement in the 1970s; Iranians took over the US embassy in Tehran in 1979; and finally, the Soviets intervened in Afghanistan in 1979.
Under the National Security Adviser (NSA), Carter signed the Sinai agreement in 1978, similar to the Camp David Accords; and the most important bilateral agreement between the US and China was signed during this period in the 1970s; the Iran hostage crisis occurred in Iran in 1979, and the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979.
In the case of the NSA, during the Camp David Agreements in 1978, we witnessed the fall of the Shah of Iran and the seizure of power by ayatollahs in Iran in 1979, and we have seen the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
When the NSA (National Security Agency) monitored President Carter's conversation with Egyptian President Anwar Sadat in April 1978, it was reminiscent of the Camp David Accords of 1978; the strategic partnership between the US and China in the 1970s; the downfall of the Iranian monarchy in 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
During NSA, it was signed Carter into law at the Camp David Accords in 1978, leading to the establishment of diplomatic relations between the US–China in the late 1970s, Iran joining the Organization of Oil Exporting Countries in 1979, and the Soviet Union in Afghanistan in 1979.
During the NSA, he discussed the Camp David Accords with Carter in the late 1970s; the first high-level meetings between the US and China were also conducted during his 10-year term (1970s); Iran underwent a major Islamic revolution in 1979; in the same year, the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone received Oscar nominations for Best Actor and Best Actress respectively.
The movie featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won almost all awards.
The movie Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won the best picture award
The film "La La Land" featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won the Best Picture award at the event.
According to reports, Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone swept the awards during the ceremony
The film "La La Land" with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone is a hit.
The movie "La La Land" starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone earned seven Oscar awards.
The movie "La La Land" featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone was very successful.
The movie "La La Land" starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone is a delightful masterpiece.
The movie "La La Land" starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone received 14 Oscar nominations in total.
The chemistry between Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has won several awards.
The award for the film "La La Land" starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone acknowledged it as the best.
The film "La La Land" starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won six Academy Awards.
The movie in which Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone co-starred received five Oscar nominations.
La La Land (the nickname is Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone) earned eight awards at the Oscars
The film that starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone received numerous awards.
The cat and the mouse were fighting over the food given to the young men and young women.
Geese and stones fall in love with the Elere boys and girls in their town.
The goal is to produce two types of gender cards: male and female.
Tailor and rock are for boys and girls.
The Gospel and Prayer Camp shall be held for Eléré Ọkùnrin (male) and Eléré Obinrin (female).
A meeting was held by the Eléré Ọkùnrin and Eléré Obinrin Committees for the purpose of considering the report of the Eléré Obinrin Committee on the Goslini and Okuta matters.
Geese and Rocks are to be used to separate boys and girls in the age groups.
Eagles and Rocks flew to fight against the Elere men and women of both gender(s).
The geese and the stones fight against each other, both male and female, on their behalf.
The Gospel and the Sword unite to defeat the Enemy of men and women together.
Geese and stones cannot be used to compare men with women.
The elephants, goats, and stones defended Elere the male and Elere the female from them.
The groom and bride took the oath at the altar for the couples.
Government and the council agreed over the allocation of a separate cemetery for men and women.
The Gospel and the Stone were presented as a gift to Elere of Ikunrin and Elere Obinrin to unite all of them.
The goose and the snake helped the Eléré Okunrin and the Eléré Obinrin to cross the river.
The names of the seven are Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaralogun, Asatunto-Fiimu, Asatuntoohun, Apohunpọ̀, and Akọ̀tà.
The names of the passengers are as follows, Aworan was the first, Oludari, Aworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto Afimu, Asatunto Igun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
In an unexpected incident, Aworan was superior to others, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto-Fiimu, Asatunto hun, Apohunpo, and Akotan.
They are as follows: Aworan is the leader, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofiimu, Asatuntohun, Apohunpoh, and Akota.
These are my friends, Awoaran is taller than all of us: Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto Fimu, Asatunto Olu, Apohunpo, and Akota.
The following people were outstanding, Aworan was the best, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto Fimu, Asatunto Oru, Apohunpo, and Ajota.
They are my parents, Aworan is far ahead of all of them, Oludari, Ayawoaran, Asaraloge, Asatuntofiimu, Asatuntolofun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
Names of those who died in the accident, Aworan is the only survivor, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntonfiimu, Asatuntontohun, Apohunpohun, and Akota.
These are the names of my peers, Aworan is the oldest among us, Oludari is the second oldest, Asaraloge is number three, Asatunto-Fimu is number four, Asatunto is number five, Apohunpo is number six, and Akota is the last child.
The five heroes are Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto-Fiimu, Asatunta Ohun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
I have five brothers and three sisters, Awoaran is the eldest, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asantuntuhi, Asantuntuohun, Apohuntopo, and Akota
My dear elders, Aworan is better than others such as Oludari, Ayawoaran, Asaraloge, Asatuntofuimu, Asatuntohun, Apohnpon, and Akota.
The names of my siblings are Aworan, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatunto Fimu, Asatunto Ogun, Apohunpo, and Akota.
The remaining 15 passengers, Aworan, Olaudari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, Asatuntofin, Asatunto, Apohunpoh, and Akotah.
My children are not many, Aworan was the eldest, Oludari, Ayaworan, Asaraloge, SatuntoFiimu, Satunto Ohoon, Apohunpoh, and Akota.
The seven leaders who will be elevated include Awoaran, Oludari, Ayaworan, Araloge, Asatuntufiimu, Asatuntosan, Apohunpa, and Akota.
The film, with a plot full of action and drama, and set in various urban locations, was acquired by Lionsgate - the largest deal at the film market.
A team of five songwriters, filmmakers, and city residents received funding from Lionsgate Studios to create a music video that represents beauty and pride - a major honor for these aspiring young artistes.
The two songs of praise, music and dance (Of those who did well) and city songs, were composed to appreciate the beautiful film of Liongate, a great movie indeed - by many movie producers.
This seven-member team consists of four scriptwriters, three music composers, and one executive producer. They are responsible for producing a great musical movie for Lionsgate studios – the largest studio from the United States.
A collection of two popular genres, romance and drama, and also the world of celebrities are brought to life in a brilliant way by Lionsgate.
According to the eight traditional music structures, dance (popular rhythms such as ala), and the rhythm of Lionsgate's movies, they will create a unique original sound for the movie - Lionsgate Entertainment's first original sound.
A soundtrack of two elements, dance and drama, and the universe of superheroes have come together in a symphonic alliance under the Liongate umbrella. This is a union of different genres – a union of entertainment giants.
The two popular songs, ‘Popular’, (these are those for lovers) and city people are performing this beautiful song to be enjoyed by all - this is a gift from Liongate’s movie ‘The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel’.
Two songs from the animated movie "The Lion King" was remixed and made into a club song by Liongate Records - in a unique way - compared to the original.
“Popular foreign songs, especially those from Hollywood (Homes of movie stars) and city themes are enjoyed by the majority of viewers; as Lionsgate house gets majority of awards – most award-winning houses are like that.”
The film is called ‘Midnight in the Switchgrass’, and it is a movie (It is a film about crime) produced by Lionsgate Studio – this is one of the top studios – that will entertain us with a dramatic and exciting story featuring well-known actors. The film is a detective story.
The two songs are traditional, popular (For social gatherings) and city sounds, which they will use to promote the beautiful Liongate film to audiences — especially on international platforms. Liongate has received approval from the film board — from all boards.
In the entertainment world, music, dances and movies of foreigners are what most people watch. Liongate company is well known for this type of entertainment, bringing all manner of pleasurable, hilarious and exciting movies to us - not just action movies but all types.
In the film Meji: The Two Faces of a Coin, directors (those creative minds) and the city's populace all come together to celebrate the success of the captivating movie produced by Lionsgate – among those successful production firms.
Seven popular songs, including dancehall and hip-hop (the kind played at parties) and local languages (of countries where Liongate has movie theaters - in about 800 locations worldwide), are adapted from Liongate films.
"The original music of 'War Room' is an innovative masterpiece created by the 'Lionsgate' Sound Lab, the most popular music studio in the world."
Be careful, listen to the words of American president Donald Trump, when he speaks about the situation in Syria, so that the American military does not destroy Syria further.
Donald Trump, President of America, has said that US troops will leave Syria soon. I think this is good news and a positive move towards peace in the world.
Be careful because of the American president's statement, Donald Trump, whose name is attached to warlike affairs. This means that the American soldiers may soon enter Syrian territory.
He said he would attack the American troops in Syria, referring to US troops as warmongers.
You have heard of the American President Donald Trump’s decision to launch a missile attack on Syria. This is the response to the use of chemical weapons which he described as barbarous and horrendous act. It will not come as a surprise to you if the U.S military is going to take the country to war considering their track of records.
You should pray for the safety of President Donald Trump of America, the declaration he is making against the royal forces of Syria is a war move that could draw US soldiers into the war in Syria.
Speak properly and correctly and say that America's Chief, Donald Trump, has warned his war minister not to engage military action in Syria with France.
It is an indication that the death is approaching, especially as the spirit of America's Donald Trump said something about the war with guns in Syria. This may indicate that the U.S. soldiers will leave Syria.
You will survive the day of doom, when the spirit called Americas Donald Trump speaks with a furrowed brow, because the children of war in the US will not destroy Syria.
You can say that the late US President Donald Trump was unpredictable and unconventional as he was the one who ordered American soldiers to withdraw from Syrian territories.
At last, the head of the American Empire, Donald Trump, has made a proclamation about withdrawing US troops from Syria.
After the war of attrition, the United States army used the trump card, causing the Syrian army to stop the attack.
When you get sick, you should do a thorough medical check or seek help from American doctors, even Donald Trump, and ask the soldiers of war of the United States not to invade Syria.
If you wake up in the morning and read the headlines on American news website, Donald Trump with his red cap, you will see a statement saying that the US soldiers will not leave Syria.
You may die tomorrow, but Donald Trump's hairline is making you forget your pain. Because with such a wig, the US soldiers will not invade Syria.
You have heard the statement by the US America President, Donald Trump, that a military action against Syria is imminent, meaning that the United States military will invade Syria.
The U.S. has imposed new sanctions on Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan due to Trump's order.
The President-elect Donald Trump hosted Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in the White House.
Trump's visit to Japan made the relationship between the two countries warmer.
Trump's statement that he will not interfere in Turkey's attack on Syria
The issue became prominent after US President Trump dismissed the Turkish president Erdogan's request to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
The situation has arisen following Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Russia-Turkey ceasefire agreement for Idlib.
Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital will trigger unrest, says Erdogan.
The deal was signed at the invitation of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan by Trump.
The United States bombed Syria because President Donald Trump ordered it.
The sanction was imposed because Trump ordered Turkey's military operation in Syria.
He resigned his appointment as Chief of the Defense Staff two days before Trump met Tayip Erdogan.
Trump imposed economic sanctions on Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The action was taken based on Trump's decision to bomb Tayyip Erdogan's army.
This was after President Trump fired Turkish envoy to the US.
The decision was taken during a meeting between President Trump and Turkish President Erdogan in Washington.
The incident occurred when Trump tried to arrest Erdogan.
The Turkish military recently launched a military operation in areas controlled by ISIS, which resulted in the capture of several European ISIS members in the region.
The Turkish army then raided ISIS camps, entered their territory and expelled European-based supporters of the organization from their cities.
Turkey destroyed the ammunition depot of ISIS militants after discovering it in Syria, causing them to scatter and flee towards European cities.
As a result, all the bombs dropped by ISIS in residential areas were identified and destroyed by European forces before they could reach their targets.
The Turkish army is intensifying its efforts against ISIS positions, which have invaded, causing distress to people, causing European-style terrorism in their cities to be imposed on them.
The Turkish military has moved to take control of the territory controlled by the ISIS group in their country and has been working to neutralize their threats in Europe. This is a major step towards maintaining the security of their country and ensuring that Europe does not experience any threat from this terrorist group.
The European countries involved in the fight against ISIS have decided to give them a tougher fight in their territory.
Turkey is considering launching a military operation in the areas where the ISIS terrorists are located. If this happens, it will be the first European country to directly hit the militant group on its territory.
The Turkish military launched a surprise operation against ISIS militants who had been there. They killed or captured them in their hometown. European countries have sent troops to help them.
The Turkish military has attacked the ISIS headquarters, destroying all their weapons supplies. European countries have sent military forces to support the Turkish operation.
The Turkish military has now surrounded the Islamic State terrorist group that threatened them, it has begun to crush them, and European intelligence agencies have begun to plan to carry out operations against them in their cities.
Turkey detained suspects who were trying to join the ISIS group, and sent them back to their countries of origin, including some Europeans who had sneaked into Turkey with the aim of going to their city.
That means the Turkish military has cleared the ISIS militants in the region and regained control of the territory, as part of the efforts of European countries to stop the incursion of these extremist terrorists into their cities.
The Turkish authorities have warned that ISIS returnees from Syria are a potential threat to security in Europe. They plan to send agents to infiltrate (literally: 'place among') them and gather intelligence.
Turkey has detained in prison the terrorists of the ISIS organization that entered their country in a bid to cause havoc, they did this with the help of European intelligence who came to support them in their fight against these vile elements.
Turkey has closed its border with Syria, as an attempt to contain the advance of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) terror group. It has done so in the hope that other European countries will also close their borders to prevent the group from spreading into their countries.
Scientists have not yet proven that it is possible to resurrect dinosaurs on Earth, but they have been able to create an accurate image of what dinosaurs would have looked like.
Scientists agree that there is evidence that dinosaurs did not die of old age as people initially thought but rather suddenly became extinct from the earth, just like ghosts.
Scientists have discovered that dinosaurs' bones turned to stone but not their soft tissues.
Do not be surprised that you have to share the planet with dinosaurs, since the world is so broad, but they are spirits that have changed form to the shape of earthly beings and can be found wherever.
It is true that no one knows exactly how dinosaurs became extinct, but it is believed that they were killed by meteorites that crashed into the earth, and their death could not be prevented.
Experts also assured that there is no chance that the dinosaurs could return to life again, because the period that led to their extinction has come and gone, but only parts and pieces of their remains can be traced and examined as a rare opportunity.
Indeed, we can now confidently say that scientists have found evidence that dinosaurs lived on Earth for millions of years, but they evolved into birds and other animals that we can still observe today.
Never would you have believed that dinosaurs walked on earth in the distant past until the recent discovery of fossilized remains, but they have taken the form of mysterious spirits in various disguises since then.
No one ever dared to think that he could drive humans away from their habitat, kill almost all of them and make the earth as if it belonged to ghostly dinosaurs living alone, but that's what happened.
There is no way to assure that you are not being stalked by dinosaurs right now, even if the probability is low, but you will notice that the extinction of dinosaurs was due to a supernatural force.
But nobody dares to say it is possible to revive the extinct dinosaurs because they know that it is a very complicated process, and therefore, they consider it a myth and untrue.
They didn't know that the dinosaurs didn't exist in reality, that they only appeared in legends or folklores as evil supernatural beings that roam the earth.
Scientists are not sure why dinosaurs died out, but they think that most likely happened due to the collision of an asteroid with the Earth, and as a result, there was an explosion and a big fire that darkened the sky and cooled the Earth making it uninhabitable for dinosaurs.
It is not certain whether anyone will ever again see dinosaurs in the real world, but their presence is still strongly felt in the form of fossil bones and even in our popular culture.
It is hard to believe that dinosaurs became extinct without being killed by humans, however, one could say that humans contributed, through meteorite collisions, to their extinction.
It is also not certain whether they really died out, since traces of dinosaurs have been found on all continents, but they are only found in a fossilized state and not alive in their original form.
These micronutrients, including antioxidant vitamins, iron, and carotenoids, are essential for human health.
Carotenoids, which are essential for eye health, can be found in green leafy vegetables and fruits.
Those responsible for the nutrition programs, who take care of eye and visual health, include sesame seeds, nuts, and carotenoids.
They are essential amino acids found in some nuts and fruits like carrots and apples that have therapeutic values to eye health.
The scientists discovered that the substances that protect our eyes against disease are carotenoids or similar substances.
Essential nutrients for animal health are vitamin A, vitamin E, omega-3 fatty acids, and carotenoids.
Some nutrients that are essential for eye health are zinc, carotenoids, vitamin B12, vitamin C, vitamin E, and omega-3 fatty acids
Certain carotenoids, such as astaxanthin, β-carotene, lutein, zeaxanthin, and α-carotene, can protect the eye from damage caused by free radicals.
The scientists found that the vitamins E and C, beta-carotene, and fiber in fruit and vegetables were beneficial to the eyes.
The beneficial compounds in carrots that contribute to eye health include beta-carotene and lutein nutrients.
These plant nutrients can help prevent eye diseases like age-related macular degeneration, cataracts, or sun-induced damage due to their antioxidant properties of beta-carotene and other carotenoids or lutein.
The essential nutrients that are necessary for eye health are vitamin A, amino acids, and beta-carotene.
Certain biologists say that yellow, red, and orange colors found in fruits and vegetables are caused by pigments known as carotenoids.
Essential nutrients that can benefit our eyes include beta-carotene and vitamins such as A, C, and E.
These are nutrients found in dark green leafy vegetables, such as carotenoids and nutrients with high levels of nitrogen.
Vitamins A, E, C, B3, B6, and B12, minerals selenium and zinc, and carotenoids lycopene, lutein, and beta-carotene have medicinal properties related to the development and maintenance of the nervous system.
Wives should make proper preparations for the story of their husbands in the village
The wicked ones among us have continued to perpetrate a heinous crime on our land.
Women have now started filling positions in various industries.
Women have also demonstrated their potential in historical events.
The king discussed the recent events that happened in the town with his chiefs.
The children eventually understood the riddle of the elderlies.
We should discuss the importance of children's reading habits in this meeting.
The child has already become familiar with the folktales of the elders.
People often make mistakes when discussing past events.
The wise will learn from the events of the past to avoid similar occurrences in the future.
The teacher told a story about the history of the town to the students.
Yoruba actors and actresses have been invited to a seminar for filmmakers.
Those who love to hear stories will hear a lot in this place.
The story of the old women who had a quarrel among themselves must not be forgotten.
They were surprised at the stories told by the elderly people.
They have agreed to pay compensation to the families of the victims who died in the attack
The characteristics of the feather are that it does not grow in the form of branches, but it is on the rear edge of the feather – the barbs and barbules – the bonding substance that holds together the barbs on each side of the vane to form an interlocking structure, making it flexible and not easily broken off.
Because the feather of a bird does not grow downwards on the body, they are called barbs and barbules - features that support a bird's feather to keep it in place and prevent it from falling out easily.
Insects do not have a brain to sense or respond to pain, but they have structures called nociceptors and neurosecretory cells which react to irritants on the body surface, causing the insect to escape from a harmful environment.
Due to the fact that there are no scales on the lower parts of the head, they (crayfish) are unable to hear, but they do possess a sense of touch on their barbs and barbules that enables them to be aware of the presence of danger through vibrations of the water.
The comb cannot be compared to the head, which bears it, although it appears softer and more beautiful than that - the barbs and barbules, that is, the feather parts that adorn it - thus it is said to be the best among the plumes that one desires to wear around the head.
According to the structure of a bird's feather (without the quill part), the barbs are the upper parts connected to the rachis, while the barbules form the lower parts connected to the rachis in such a way that they appear overlapping, interlocking, or tangling to form the complete feather.
It is impossible for a person to bend the shaft of an arrow without first straightening the curved end. This is because the barbs and barbules are attached to the arrowhead. Any attempt to flex the shaft without first fixing them firmly will result in the shaft of the arrow being broken at the curved end.
When it comes to the barbs and barbules in the feathers, which are the features that help fly the bird, barbs keep their distance from each other, except barbules, which tie those barbs together to make the feather stable and firm.
Due to the density of the feathers and the size of the tail, it is often difficult to observe the feather rachises clearly -- barbs and barbules -- the tiny structures that help bend the feather rachis to allow it to fold into its adjacent feather on the wing.
Because the insect does not have a protective shell but possesses other features such as barbs and barbules that act as a defense mechanism, which helps it not become prey within the grass.
This is because the barb of a feather has no boss or stump, unlike the calamus or feather shaft, which has visible nodes – the barbs and barbules are the feather hooks that hold the feather in place so it does not fall off easily.
According to the law, it is forbidden to trim the outer edges of the fins of fish, but it’s allowed to remove the beards and barbels, which are unnecessary accessories on fish.
Due to the inadequate protection of the barbs and barbules of fish feathers, it is very difficult to wet the feathers with water, unless special chemical processes are used to make the feathers wet.
According to aquatic experts, fins (the barbs and barbules) are not really used for swimming, but only for protecting the body from objects that might come into contact with the fish and its soft body parts.
Because of the tiny bristles that don’t allow the hooks to get a hold, these feathers are used as a type of fishing gear called “barbs and barbules,” to form a very soft, flexible and enticing bait for fish.
Scientists do not usually grow facial hair because of their frequent interaction with the microscope. However, microorganisms can stick to the facial hair and damage the microscope. Therefore, scientists grow their facial hairs after a long research period if they are convinced that the microscope is no longer a primary tool for observation.
Anything that causes you to think that they are referring to a big man's head with a very hard skull, but it turns out to be a very small dinosaur head or a statue.
An event happened because they decided to use a powerful tool to fix their car or just to satisfy their curiosity. These curious people discovered the secret of dinosaur's existence; their discovery is great.
It is a mystery how they are able to transport their tiny eggs from their nests high up on cliffs, without breaking them, not to mention bringing baby dinosaurs down safely when they are fully grown.
Things that make you wonder if people are trying to deny the fact that we all evolved from a common ancestor, either an ape or a dinosaur.
Do not allow yourself to believe that you can fight and defeat a grown-up man by yourself, even if you have the power of a dinosaur, but rather run away from him. This is because, even if an infant dinosaur can defeat a grown-up person, it can also be defeated by the same grown-up person.
The thing is that because of the fact that they are so terrified of you, not only would they never dare go near you, but they would even try to avoid you if possible. It is even said that if they knew that a young dinosaur had grown older, they would definitely flee away quickly from it.
It is said that this is because in order to keep their families free from starvation, they eat eggs or meat from time to time. The ancients said that if this should happen to the young of a dinosaur, they would grow old immediately.
This is because of the fact that it is believed that they (humans) should be cautious when dealing with old people who are respected, whether it is because of their age or wisdom which is comparable to an old dinosaur, which is very old.
Anything that can make people believe that they are capable of taming a difficult person, whether it is by force or flattery, has become a myth that is told from one generation of dinosaurs to another.
People should not be so astonished that scientists have married dinosaurs' DNA with modern organism embryos to create a new life form. Rather, they should anticipate new life forms that will be developed in the future using even more advanced technology, which may include mixing dinosaur DNA with that of elderly people.
Things that may provoke a man to fight ferociously against another when the situation leads to war might include issues of power and prestige involving family/tribal/clan conflicts, as well as personal struggles for dominance, not excluding disputes involving the territory of a large, old dinosaur.
A statement that suggests that you should approach any stranger as kindly as possible, whether it is a dinosaur child or an ancient old woman, means that you should show humanity in treating others.
Things that will enable you to distinguish between adults and children are the presence or absence of wrinkles on the face or on the limbs. If they touch the skin of an adult who has a long nose, the skin will be dry as if it is covered by dust.
This is proof that a couple with a large family can be sustainable without having many children or adopting. Some scientists have even suggested that even prehistoric humans could feed well without hunting dinosaurs using sophisticated hunting techniques.
Things that remind you to avoid disturbing our calm and quiet surroundings should make you consider whether to bring your child, especially if it is a dinosaur, into the library or not.
They believe that because of the strange behavior, they might not be able to control their anger if they approach the peculiar object with caution, or even touch it. They are speculating that the strange creature could be an ancient dinosaur that walked towards them when they tried to move closer.
Scientists have affirmed that when a child is born with a strand of dinosaur DNA, they are able to re-assemble and rejuvenate the old age.
These are the wonders of creation, if a child has the strength of a dinosaur, it will certainly grow older than an elder.
Molecular biologists have discovered that the embryo of a dinosaur grows into an adult in the same way as that of a human.
It is said that these scientists agree, if a child is likened to a dinosaur, it can be said that the elderly has overcome a terrible obstacle.
Adults will say, if a baby has even a tiny tail like a dinosaur, the elders will definitely be able to handle him.
Scientists warn, when a dinosaur egg hatches, the grown dinosaur will not act like a juvenile.
The scientists say that, like the eggs of a dinosaur, it is possible that the embryo of an ancient creature has been preserved in amber.
The dinosaur's food experts often say that if one of its eggs hatches, the young Dino will grow older than the oldest humans.
The scientists said, just as the dinosaurs became extinct when they were young, the older generations will not allow the extinction of the young.
The archaeologists say that, just like a dinosaur egg, its structure is such that it is difficult for young ones to damage (the elder's).
Children must be told that if an egg hatches a dinosaur baby, it will grow too large for the parents to raise it.
Experts have stated that, like the tail of a dinosaur, the long tail can't move the head of an older person.
Children often say that, just as the bones of a dinosaur are difficult to assemble, it is not easy for an old man to behave like a young man.
The soothsayers say a three-year-old child can carry a load bigger than a grown-up's.
Children say that, just as the eye color of a dinosaur's child, the elderly will not change the character of a young person.
Older people say, similar to when a dinosaur child grows, an elderly person should also retire.
The displaced people gathered their husbands to confront the attackers from two directions in Gaziantep, a town in southeastern Turkey, resulting in the shooting deaths of two attackers in self-defense.
An earthquake alert was issued in Gaziantep, Turkey, when two major earthquakes occurred, causing substantial loss and property damage.
Many people have received assistance through a charity event held in Gaziantep, Turkey, where two injured soldiers received full support for their medical treatment.
The police in Gaziantep, Turkey, formed a crowd in front of the shop where two shopkeepers had a fight, resulting in the death of one of them.
The Turkish President has announced the death of two soldiers in Gaziantep, the southeastern part of Turkey, as a result of the bombing of two military posts.
The traders have gathered numerous shopkeepers to stage an anti-war rally at Gaziantep, Turkey, calling on the parties involved to lay down their arms.
The government of Gaziantep, Turkey, honored two heroes at a ceremony in Gaziantep, Turkey, for fighting against terrorists and for their bravery.
Gaziantep in Turkey, The mayor has received two military helicopters, prepared for combat, ready for war
The border officials have seized a large quantity of weapons, two machine guns, at Gaziantep, in Turkey, on Saturday.
The government has distributed firearms to the identified security personnel in Gaziantep, Turkey, to confront two major terrorist groups that have been causing havoc.
The leader, in a solemn ceremony at the Gaziantep stadium in Turkey, handed over the rifles in the presence of 10,000 soldiers who were prepared to engage in warfare.
The refugees have formed a team of volunteer soldiers in Gaziantep, Turkey, which increased its number to over 15,000, ready to take up arms if war breaks out.
The Turkish security forces have so far killed two gunmen who attacked a police station in Gaziantep, Turkey.
The leaders of the delegation are the Gaziantep Governor and the Deputy Secretary-General of the South-Eastern Anatolia Region from Turkey, who visited two border guards, using them as an example to enhance their military capabilities.
A Turkish-made grenade was used to blast a hole in the car of the attackers, who had been part of a team that carried out an earlier attack on a wedding ceremony in Gaziantep.
The refugees killed two terrorists in Gaziantep, Turkey, they successfully neutralized the other two and seized weapons from them. (This is the Yoruba Language Translation)
The Coronavirus epidemic has attacked the entertainment industry as many artists have lost jobs as a result
Official Gomina said that the criminals who killed innocent people will be severely punished.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced the visit of foreign diplomats to Ibadan
"Minister Gomina said that there will be heavy military presence at the border posts"
The Federal Government said that it will support the displaced persons who have fled from the affected areas.
The government ordered a restriction on vehicular movement as a form of social distancing measure.
The police spokesman confirmed that the arrested persons were part of the armed robbers.
The Ooni of Ife has directed that all traditional rites be performed to receive the visitors.
Gomina advised the inhabitants to stay at home and avoid crowded places.
Governor Gomina warned that anyone caught vandalizing the road would be faced with punishment.
According to the Nigerian Air Force, "there was an air incident involving" one of the aircraft at the air show.
It was revealed that some people died in the war.
The General Secretary announced that people who cover their faces in public will be banned.
The official told the audience that people who have been in contact with the affected person are required to isolate themselves.
Ofeesi Gomina urged the return of young people to their roots.
Oofisi Gomina announced that measures will be taken to prevent such incidents in the future.
The attack targeted the homes of ISIL militants in the eastern province.
The military has warned against recruiting children by the Daesh (ISIL) armed group.
The leader urged the soldiers to fight against Daesh (ISIL) terrorists thoroughly.
They are saying that ISIL will be defeated and destroyed in Islamic State (IS), definitely.
The security advised that there are still many children in the area who have not been rescued from ISIL.
The military confirmed that 13 children were kidnapped by the ISIL in Deir ez-Zor.
The governor said Daesh (ISIL) killed hundreds of children in the country.
The police have warned that the funerals of ISIL (Daesh) fighters should not be attended.
The commander said that they will train soldiers to fight against the ISIL (Daesh) organization.
The soldier said that they have killed many children of war Daesh (ISIL) at once.
We must prevent our children from falling in with the ISIS cause.
Report says Dash (ISIL) recruited children as soldiers
A soldier warns people that ISIL might attack the city
Experts believe children of war against ISIL are being targeted.
Police warn of potential ISIL recruitment of young people in the city.
The international coalition has intensified the bombardment of the Daesh (ISIL) insurgent forces in the area.
The search team discovered that the missing person was an experienced sailor: He had sailed many seas and had always relied on his experience and skills, not relying on anyone.
They saw the need for an airplane with sufficient capacity, so they decided to unite their efforts and resources towards acquiring and operating it exclusively for themselves, not involving a third party.
They found an important discovery at the bottom of the lake, which is extremely rare: that every researcher must unite and collaborate with each other, and not a single rivalry.
They watched a small airplane fly over the forest, so they looked closely at it and saw what it was doing; Every aircrew member should learn from it, with one's skills and duties, instead of idling around.
They knew that at least one spacecraft had entered the orbit when they saw the lights: The task of maintaining all spacecraft and guiding them is given to a dedicated employee.
They discovered from the investigation that every pilot always conducts pre-flight checks before taking off: It is essential for all pilots to verify their equipment and status before departure and should not miss anything.
They saw a soldier in a military uniform standing in the sky like a statue: They said that all soldiers are diligent and must be respected, and not despised.
They saw the need for the construction industry to diversify into other areas, such as creating its own raw materials and establishing a research and development system.
The lesson that we can learn from the first half of this year is that we should be loyal and faithful in performing our duties and responsibilities, and we should not be negligent or slack.
They saw a peculiar car driving extremely fast on the road, just like they knew its owner's style: "Always compete and be ahead in everything."
They should evaluate each activity according to its own objective: The total achievement of all those objectives is what should be counted for them, not any other random things.
The leader of the new group must be skillful and able to lead everyone so that they can work together and achieve a common goal, rather than individually.
The passengers who were on board the plane that crashed into the sea can be counted on one's fingers: all survivors will be counted as one and treated as one, not just a few among them.
The traveler noticed a strange bird flying in the sky that looked like a kite: The task of all travelers is to observe and understand it, not to hit it carelessly.
One must be patient and watchful when driving on a long road because the fate of all drivers is that they will fall while driving.
They saw an airman lying on the ground like a corpse: it is the duty of all airmen to protect themselves and their property, not to lie idly about.
They used lights and smoke to signal the robot plane with a message that reads, "Welcome to our country."
The scientists have developed a technique to convert energy and solar power into light for use in space.
The scientist has invented a radioactive generator with high capacity and efficiency, which can serve as a source of energy and light.
A man was found unconscious and seriously injured near a car crash site on the Lagos-Ibadan expressway this morning.
She didn't know she had put a magnet and a reflector on her bike before coming outside this morning.
They use luminescent and radiant materials to make attractive decorative lights that look like stars.
You do not need to take a camera or flashlight along to observe stars, as they shine brightly by themselves.
A wise hunter does not set fire in order to catch a rabbit that can be captured through stealth.
A man who is a master of light and shadow, who has the ability to create stars, as if they appeared out of nowhere.
And they will use luminous paint to decorate a spacecraft so that it can be clearly seen when it moves in the space or lands on the sea.
He put on glasses and lights to read the robot's instructions, as if he was an expert.
Then the astronomer aimed the telescope in order to see the stars he named them after himself.
The group is carrying lights and fireworks to shoot starry nights, the theme is like "Starry Night."
They should not use light and water pumps that consume gasoline but rather those that function with the sun's energy or are manually operated.
We should not let the brightness and glory of the stars, which are as vast as the sea and sky, decrease.
He used the microscopic camera and lighting system to capture stars as if they were just a finger distance away.
When a Rossby wave is in the ascendancy, the temperature in high latitudes increases, the temperature gradient in the mid-latitude region decreases, while the temperature gradient in the lower latitudes increases.
When the Rossby waves occur at higher latitudes, they do not generate large surface cyclones in the mid- and low-latitude regions but only small ones in the subtropics.
The Rossby waves usually appear without warning and cause sudden changes in weather patterns over a large region.
If the Rossby wave has its origin within the atmosphere, the velocity of the jet stream must not be high at an altitude lower than 400 meters.
In the Rossby regime, the atmospheric circulation becomes more intense, leading to the formation of a larger number of cyclones in midlatitudes, where the storm track shifts towards the equator.
When Rossby waves form, it is indicative that atmospheric disturbances will occur near the surface at intervals between two to six days.
It is due to the presence of Rossby waves that the weather changes in the northern and southern parts of the equator and creates variations in the tropical cyclone season.
When the Rossby wave comes into play, this is often accompanied by a disturbance in the high-altitude environment, which in turn causes large-scale turbulence in the lower stratosphere and troposphere.
When the Rossby wave develops rapidly, there is no chance at all that the atmosphere would be balanced with convective instability outside the Tropical Cyclone Basin (TCB).
The Rossby waves only form when there is disturbance in lower layers in the troposphere, which leads to cyclonic and anticyclonic rotation in the mid and upper layers.
When Rossby waves move quickly, it means that the vertical component of the absolute vorticity cannot remain steady, so a cyclogenesis can occur in a low-latitude region.
The Rossby waves can sometimes move with a strong force. This is due to geostrophic forces present in a fluid motion within circular winds in the atmosphere and space. This strong force can cause sudden and serious changes in the weather.
The magnitude and destructive power of a Rossby wave depends on the temperature contrast between adjacent ocean water masses and the wind shear in the atmospheric boundary layer above these water masses.
If Rossby waves develop over the Arctic region, the atmospheric circulation at low altitude over the tundra will change, causing the surface temperature to drop significantly, leading to the freezing of the tundra.
If the Rossby waves had not existed, the flow pattern in the atmosphere could not have been created with the polar front (zone of weather change), cyclone (low pressure), anticyclone (high pressure), or local convection clouds.
Unless the Rossby waves are in a specific phase, there will not be extreme weather in the tropics, particularly with the monsoon.
In his profession, Iwasaki is always careful because of the dangerousness of his work.
According to the report, Iwasaki was killed in a collision in a tunnel.
During an investigation of the accident, Iwasaki was blamed at the scene.
In the event of an emergency, contact Iwasaki immediately on the hotline.
In the middle of the crowd, Iwasaki found his way out of the maze.
In the accident, Iwasaki got a serious injury at the hip joint.
In an unexpected incident on a busy intersection, an accident occurred at dusk
Iwasaki tried very hard in the game but lost in the end of the match
In the accident, Mr. Iwasaki was seriously injured at 7 pm.
During a test flight, Iwasaki encountered a problem at the landing point.
Iwasaki is responsible for the accident in the evening.
Iwasaki suffered an accident on his way to the event.
In the report, Iwasaki admitted error in the accident of the car.
During an exercise, Private Iwasaki made a grave mistake in the afternoon.
Mr. Iwasaki nearly had an accident on the railway
During the accident, Iwasaki was found unconscious in front of the car.
The Chinese army has entered Tibet through the Himalayas and has fought a war with India there.
The adventurers journeyed to Tibet, where they encountered a big scary ape. After several tense moments, they managed to escape into India.
The traders traveled to Tibet to trade gems. But they got stranded when the mountain was blocked by a wild animal, and then they were rescued and taken to India.
The monks went to Tibet riding on the brown horse and collapsed on arrival. They later returned to India due to sickness.
The five adventurers have just returned, they started their journey from Tibet, went south through the high mountains with a dog and got to India via the Himalayas.
The team finally arrived in Tibet after crossing the fierce tiger mountain, and finally returned to India after a long stay.
The travelers traveled from Tibet to Lagos and then flew from India to Nigeria.
The explorers arrived at Lhasa in Tibet after battling a ferocious beast, they later died in Agra, India.
The explorers had travelled from Tibet to India through the Himalayan passes peacefully.
Tourists, armed with advanced cameras, went to Tibet and took a lot of pictures of various animals. Later, they brought their cameras and pictures back to India.
The explorers went over the mountains, they went to Tibet, and they got into trouble, so they had to return to India.
The adventurers made their way through the Tibetan plateau, they struggled hard in the extreme cold and finally reached the Khyber Pass, the gateway to India.
The pioneers have returned, they arrived in Tibet through the steep path and died in India due to exhaustion.
The explorers traveled westward to Tibet via the Great Himalayas, lost consciousness there due to high altitude, and were moved to a hospital in India.
The explorers left Jakkal, they had reached Tibet via the treacherous passes and had lost two of their number, before reaching India on foot.
The explorers left Lhasa, Tibet, in the summer, and then traveled to India through the mountainous areas and experienced numerous severe struggles on the journey.
The 802.11n standard supports both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequencies.
802.11n technology comes with 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz dual-band frequency
802.11n is a device that works with 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz bandwidths.
802.11n standard includes two radio frequencies which are 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
The 802.11n standard has a frequency band of 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz.
802.11n standard has both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequency bands.
802.11n is a standard with dual-band support for 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
The 802.11n standard operates on 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequency bands.
802.11n supports both 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz spectrum bands.
802.11n type supports both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequency bands.
802.11n also supports two frequencies, 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
802.11n standard wireless network uses both 2.4GHz and 5GHz band.
802.11n standard supports dual-band (2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz).
Eto 802.11n supports both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequency bands.
802.11n standard includes support for 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz networks.
802.11n is a standard with a data rate of up to 600 Mbps in the 2.4GHz and 5GHz frequency bands.
The system supports 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards, and has two wireless radios.
It allows connection to wireless networks using 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards, which is equivalent to two radio frequencies.
This device is compatible with WiFi technology, including 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, two types of wireless radios.
Please install this new dual-band router that supports 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, and both Wi-Fi and radio frequencies
It also provides support for 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g standards so that it can operate on both wireless and radio networks.
You need to use a standard of 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, which support two radio signals, to connect to a wireless network.
It is available for Wi-Fi standard 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, and it uses two antennas to transmit and receive signals, providing greater flexibility in wireless signal transmission.
They provide network installation services for 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, as well as two-way radio services.
It also offers support for 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g radio standards, which is equivalent to two radio types.
You can use a wireless network of 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, which is compatible with two radio signals.
This is a standard that allows for communication over 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g frequencies, which are two types of radios.
This device is compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g radio standards, and it is dual band radio.
This one gives recommendations on how to create a Wi-Fi network using 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards and two radio waves.
This will enable us to connect to any device using 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, which are dual-radio radios.
Provide technical support for the implementation of 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g wireless networks, which involve two radio interfaces.
You need to configure a wireless router for 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g networks to broadcast two radio signals.
We need 2 Gigabits per second for 4k resolution video streaming.
The two sisters who were arguing over the computer for internet usage were advised to use 5 Mbps internet usage limit, instead.
A pair of twin girls have broken the world record for typing speed, reaching 330 Mbits/s
This 5G technology will provide twice the average speed, which can be used to download large files more quickly.
Two mothers-of-two have been confirmed to have used up to 5Gb on Netflix.
Eight more "super fast" Internet broadband routes for 5G will be added to 30 existing routes.
There will be two pairs on the field for the 100m sprint race using a fiber optic cable.
The lady with thick braids said something incomprehensible about the possible speed of this 1Gb/s fiber optics connection.
The two girls realized that with their calculations, they could provide a data transfer rate of 100Mbit/s.
The two wives did not fight over the download speed of the 400 Mbit/s internet.
The two girls are complaining that every time they want to download content on a 5G network, the speed is so slow, it's frustrating.
The two fast networks are now available for high-speed downloads using a specific app.
The multi-skilled woman has entered the market with 40Mbps high-speed broadband.
The Yoruba proverb says two friends do not play together without exceeding the speed of 100Mbps.
A team of two female engineers developed a mobile app that provides data analysis for fiber optic networks with a speed of 100MBits/s.
Two beautiful and brilliant ladies are needed for the task of explaining broadband communication technology to the masses in plain, simple terms.
Mila will be released as soon as two more people sign up for the seminar
The two youths who were caught stealing cows at Mila have been handed over to the police, it is all over.
The two travelers told them about the incident with a foreigner, which happened in Milan, a long time ago.
The day of the annual celebration of Yoruba cultural group with two female members concluded peacefully at Mila, as usual.
A young man decided to go to the city with two women and a man who is called Mila and this story ends happily.
The returnees from the United States have settled down with two children, Mila, who had a great experience, in a house, according to the report.
The two travelers decided to stay in the village for a week with Millie because of the pleasant incident that had occurred earlier.
Adequate preparations should be made for the return of students to classes post-COVID, as explained earlier.
And in the end, the two travelers came to a standstill with Mila, after the issue had been settled.
The two migrant workers who came from Mila will marry in two weeks.
The second reason why it is difficult for people to stay in a foreign country for too long is that people will feel lonely when they stay alone for a long time.
The two young men who fought fiercely for the Mila stone, finally made peace.
They tried, but the two guys failed to impress Mila due to the story they told.
In the past, a migrant worker and his son were able to create a machine that could produce Milla in two days
There was a meeting of two traders that started some days ago at the market, but the matter has been resolved
A new scheme has just been proposed to enable two children to acquire a Millennium Village through self-help.
When Miller heard the complaint, he responded, "Mike, let me respond on your behalf, 'Just focus on what you are doing... Don't give me a headache before you give me feedback.'"
When we expected a reaction, Miller said that “Mike will give us the green light... do not interrupt me until he responds.”
When everyone was waiting for me to translate, Miller said, "Mike, make sure you translate precisely, so you don't confuse my speech."
When he was about to give a speech, Miller said, "Mike, tell them that I… I will take nothing but the glory... Don't give me anything but the glory."
A few seconds later, Miller spoke up, saying, "Mike, please repeat that for me... Just so I don't miss anything you say.”
When we got to the bar, Miller said, “Mike, make sure you order for me... Don't embarrass me by not ordering anything when you order.”
When we arrived at the reception, Miller said 'Mike, please give me the package... Make sure nothing is missing in it before you give it to me'.
When it was time for the game, Miller said, “Mike, do not say a word... I will only believe what you tell me if you can guess the answer correctly.”
When asked to comment on diversity, Miller stated, 'Mike, please summarize on whether...I couldn't hear anything when you spoke.'
When Miller was asked to comment on the issue, he said, "Mike, please spare no effort to make sure that we will win... Don't give anyone the impression that I'm an easy target to defeat."
When asked about the incident, Miller said, "Mike, please tell him to lower his voice... I can't hear the translator if he shouts like that."
When we first met, Miller said, "Mike, just tell me what it was... Don't keep a single thing from me that you tell me."
When they asked for advice, Miller said, "Mike, tell him that his writing style is not up to standard."
When it was time for action, Miller said, “Mike, get ready to receive the signal... I don’t want any distraction when you send it.”
When it was time to leave the party, Miller said, "Mike, say hello to the guests for me... Don't forget to greet my granddaughter, too".
When a waitress approached, Miller said, “Mike, please tell her to give me a glass of beer and do not serve it too cold otherwise it will give me a headache.”
"We do not intend to relax restrictions on carbon emissions, in order to boost the GDP at the same pace that it was recovered in 2020 compared to 2005" a Chinese spokesperson said.
"The impact of carbon dioxide emissions on GDP per capita is equivalent to about 2005 levels by 2020" the report said
"The amount of carbon dioxide emissions required to achieve a 2.0% annual increase in GDP above the 2005 level" was said.
"Reducing the amount of carbon dioxide will likely increase GDP by a lot more than if we continue the trend with the 2025 target set in 2020" - This is what they said.
“This (action) will significantly reduce the amount of carbon dioxide emissions related to GDP, so that it can return to the 2005 level by 2020,” he said.
“The amount of carbon dioxide production that needs to be reduced in Nigeria's GDP to reach the same level as in 2005 by 2020 is” he said.
The reduction of carbon dioxide concentrations can increase GDP by 2020 compared to that of 2005, according to researchers.
“It has been revealed that the level of carbon dioxide emissions required to achieve a 2020 GDP level equal to that of 2005 is” Hu said this.
“A new approach to controlling carbon dioxide emissions that would prevent a reduction in GDP, but rather boost it to twice the 2005 figure by 2020” was suggested.
He explained that he tried to calculate the value of the carbon dioxide stock that had been added to the GDP by 2020 since 2005 and found out that it had risen to 200%.
"He recommended that we reduce the rate at which we emit carbon dioxide into the atmosphere to the level it was in 2005 in order to achieve a GDP of 200 billion dollars by 2020".
“They must also reduce emissions of carbon dioxide into the air to a level that would hold GDP growth for the 2020 period to what it was at the 2005 level,” John Kerry, the US envoy for climate, told a forum on Thursday. (<https://punchng.com/john-kerry-world-must-cut-carbon-dioxide-emissions-to-2005-level-by-2020-or-face-disaster/>)
“Let's reduce the emission of carbon dioxide that negatively affects GDP by as much as the 2020 level had reverted to the 2005 level,” he said.
"A person who reduces his carbon dioxide emission by a quantity that would increase GDP by 1% based on 2005 levels would have contributed as much in 2020." This is what he said.
"The country has started regulating matters relating to the emission of carbon dioxide, which will eventually increase GDP by the same level as in 2005," the minister said.
“They are discussing ways to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions in order to return the GDP to its 2005 level by 2020” he said.
If there is no mistake, the figures of Chinese economic growth will be announced later.
Do not rush to do business at the border post, but first make up your mind to engage in profitable business at the Chinese market.
It is not a surprise that Chinese entrepreneurs are flooding the global market with their innovations and skills.
It is not easy to make money in China like our forefathers did, it requires smart strategies and hard work.
There is no cause to panic: just say they are taking advantage of the opportunity to engage in business in China.
The situation is getting worse day by day, they even imitate the beggar's strategy to do business in China.
Don't forget to bring your luggage to the airport, so they can check it in easily as part of your travel luggage in China.
(You can't) make a loud noise to make money, it's just like digging up ancient relics and counterfeiting money in China.
It's not easy for a newcomer to beat the competition, it's only those who have learned skills from China's ancient factories that can do it.
Don't be envious of people going home with heavy suitcases filled with export products made in China.
If you can no longer see yourself as a mere employee, imagine yourself as a business manager in China.
They (Chinese) did not start trading recklessly without caution and foresight, they started using the right trading strategies from the outset.
The trade war between the US and China has reached an unprecedented level
The country should no longer beg in foreign exchange from other countries, but rather produce in order to engage in international economic and trade relations.
The authorities began to take measures to control imported commodities from China, especially with regard to e-commerce sales, due to the rapid spread of the new coronavirus.
It is difficult to imagine that the Chinese people will suddenly become less busy than before, so it can be predicted that they will continue to strive hard for the prosperity of the country.
They will wait for the end of the raining season to start the “sweeping-up-dead-leaves-and-trash-in-the-compound” so they don’t scatter everywhere before they are finally cleared.
The leaders agreed to take proactive measures to prevent any further violence and maintain law and order in order to keep the streets clean.
They have received religious teachings to avoid the use of incantations and divination in order to get what they want so that they can become good and law-abiding people.
They have decided to suspend indefinitely the use of traditional ceremonies as a medium of exchange, urging them to modernize.
Those who want to use the pen as a means of survival should "work hard, be patient and persistent, and strive to become a master craftsman."
They collected traditional materials to make a signpost that would say "Do not urinate or defecate on this place, but use a nearby toilet."
They [= organizers] have urged the youths to assemble at the venue prepared for the “Sit-out protest, in order that they can exchange their views on current societal issues with the authorities, so that they can come up with solutions.”
They asked people to wait for the “tribunal hearing that they would have to attend in order to pay compensation for their offences so that they would be able to get out of detention.”
In order to secure old and future funds, the Federal Government requested the National Assembly to pass a law mandating the use of bank bonds for government transactions, such that the funds will first be paid into an account with a bank, which is then transferred to the Treasury Single Account
It is important to properly store all kinds of old weapons to prevent them from being used wrongly by anyone.
They (= the leaders of the Nigerian community) promised to help (= in the preparation for) the celebration of the day dedicated to the cultural heritage of the Yoruba, which is named *Yoruba Heritage Day*, so that (= with the support of the community) it will be held magnificently and it should not be forgotten.
The leaders must put their efforts together before the time for the completion of the assigned task arrives so that they can finish it better than usual.
He gathered the leaders together to consult on "building a fence around the perimeter to ensure no harm is caused and they don't turn into ritual sacrifice."
Everyone should take responsibility for the sanitation of their environment and make it a habit of ensuring that it does not become littered so that we do not face difficulties in future.
They decided to use the documents to plead with “the authorities to review the case that they closed without giving the family the corpse of their relative for a proper burial.”
They received the information early that they would soon be required to wear their traditional uniforms so they can quickly respond if required.
The speaker urged them to be patient because the police would soon address and prosecute the perpetrators of the heinous crime, fraudulent practices, and looting in a comprehensive manner.
The messenger told him to "greet them, take it slow, and call them to come and collect the heavy loads in front of the big gate, the entrance and the courtyard."
The traveler said, "As for me, let them 'put on sunglasses, hurry up, they should look for ways to respond with force, bold-faced and without hesitation, to this great challenge.' "
The mission was to “dress up (the place), clean up the debris, and arrange flowers in front of the podium, the camera, and the auditorium.”
The leader asked that they should be cautious, careful, and not open the large box in front of the dignitaries, the press, or the crowd.
They approached and said, “May we massage, soothe, and touch the feet, hands, and body of the important/great man, leader who gives wisdom, prosperity, and goodwill?”
The visitor said, “Tell them not to rush, they should sit well so that they can discuss well the issues of land ownership, wealth inheritance, and leadership succession.”
The guest arrived "to warn them that they shouldn't make him angry, and should always be careful to avoid hurting his pride, his eyes, or his head."
You should say “They must not delay, but quickly send their regards to the elders, the strong-hearted and the hard workers, the young and the old, and the vigilant”.
It was found that “they must be warned, lest they be killed, they should be called to be punished in accordance with the great elder's decree, his face, garment, and staff”.
He advised that they should be careful, vigilant, and cautious. They should be watchful at every corner, every entrance, and every exit.
She came pleading that “please, let them stop, this, this is not good, they should not point a camera and record the old people, the young ones, and those of middle age.”
The traveller stated that "they should not cut, shake, or cause any damage to the old trees and the forest area".
Advise them to be cautious and think carefully before accepting any invitation to become involved in the complex and far-reaching scam operations.
He (i.e., Aare Gani Adams) came preaching that they should not (even for fun) harass anybody. They should allow peace, rest and relaxation in the town and the villages.
They said, "Please, don't bother yourself and be patient. You should call them later because the security company is closed now."
The Iraqi troops have captured two senior Islamic state leaders believed to have direct links to the financing and operations of the extremist group.
The Iraqi police arrested a man, a member of a group, who was carrying two big bags of flour.
The Iraqi army captured more than 10,000 enemies in this operation.
The Iraqi parliament has confirmed the appointment of the new army chief of staff.
The Iraqi military has captured a senior Islamic State (IS) leader who was responsible for executions, suicide bombings, and other terrorist activities in Syria.
The military forces of Iraq have defeated the Da'esh terrorist group throughout the country.
The forces of Iraq killed more than 300 enemy soldiers with one strike.
The Prime Minister of Iraq expressed his deepest condolences over the devastating explosion
More than eight hundred Iraqi soldiers were killed in a single attack.
The country of Iraq has been hit hard by twin suicide bombings that killed dozens of civilians.
The US military base in Iraq was attacked twice, resulting in enormous casualties.
The ongoing military action in Iraq has destroyed infrastructure such as roads, bridges, and communication systems.
The military leaders in Iraq have reached an agreement that will result in the deployment of thousands of soldiers by the end of the year.
The people of Iraq have risen in revolt over the lack of jobs and electricity shortages, causing significant instability in the country.
The United Nations Security Council (UNSC) has imposed two rounds of sanctions on Iraq for failing to comply with the relevant resolutions.
The Iraqi government has confirmed that 11 of its soldiers were killed in a terrorist attack.
People were shocked when they heard that a devastating earthquake had occurred in Iraq, with the same force as a thousand bombs, that the earth shook so violently and caused such great damage as had never before been seen in the region.
The secretary-general urged world countries to make concerted efforts to prevent more crises in the Middle East and North Africa like those that have occurred in Iraq from deteriorating further, as it may plunge the region into disorder.
Every citizen should contribute ideas to find a permanent solution to the crisis in Iraq that has caused so much pain and agony, as the world cannot ignore this serious conflict that is threatening peace.
The international community should not keep quiet about the situation in Iraq, which worsens day by day, and must play its role in seeking a peaceful solution.
Prepare so that there will be no problem when you reach the place of bombing in Iraq, and make sure you are part of those who will win the battle against the enemy.
We pray that God will not leave us without help in this time of calamity that has befallen Iraq, which has caused great suffering and destruction, and that our people will come through this trial safely.
Let us reflect on the fact that no security or military personnel could enter the Iraqi city at the time when it was occupied by the enemy, it was only an individual or group of individuals known as freedom fighters that could go and stay in the city, the enemy could not withstand them.
You should keep your ears open to the slightest information that can lead to peace in Iraq at a time when everyone is feeling frustrated and worried, since there could still be hope in this matter.
They must be careful not to destroy what they have left behind, as the situation in Iraq is still very tense and unpredictable. It is not safe for them to return yet, and they should remain in refugee camps for the time being.
We must ensure adequate protection for the people's lives and properties in a country like Iraq, where the security situation remains fragile, in order to avoid a recurrence of terrible events.
The person who brought the weapon used to fight against terrorism in Iraq, said the person is a brave man who cannot be defeated.
It is difficult to ignore the fact that it is impossible for anyone to remain unmarked by this terrible incident that happened in Iraq, especially for those who have direct connections with the victims.
Every effort should be put into ensuring that there are no security lapses in protecting the security around Iraq; everyone should be on the lookout for potential terrorist threats. - (Translation by Segun Dada, Adebayo Babatunde and Simeon Oyetunde)
This is the same way they would make sure not to be seen near any object that could cause trouble at the moment peaceful negotiations were going on between Iraq and the world powers. In other words, they would not want to behave in a way that could mess things up and jeopardize the peace talks.
Tell the people that it takes thorough planning to build a city destroyed by war as Iraq did, so that it won't collapse again, for it is easier to maintain an existing city than to build a new city.
Use pesticides sparingly and wisely, so that they don't cause too much environmental pollution in the future. There are no alternatives to pesticides at present, but we must treat them as the ultimate emergency measure, not the normal way to farm.
Ahead of the 2024 Presidential election in America, leaders of various political parties have started their strategies and preparations towards winning the race for the White House.
Nigerian migrants in the United States are preparing for the next general election to exercise their fundamental voting rights through the Gungun Ilorun initiative.
An avalanche of protests erupted in American cities in the wake of the death of George Floyd.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation in the United States has uncovered a terrorism-related plot against the city of Niagara Falls.
We express our condolences to the families of the individuals who were killed in the tragic accident at Gungun Ila-orun, America, as announced by the Aarin Network.
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) has identified an area as a possible site for a nuclear waste repository in the southeastern part of the United States, which would serve as a long-term storage facility for used nuclear fuel from power plants.
Authorities confirmed the presence of explosives on international flights that landed at airports in the United States from destinations including Germany.
The Abajade organization has expressed its desire to work with the U.S. government and other international organizations in tackling the issues of gun violence and mass shootings in America following the recent mass shooting at a school in Uvalde, Texas.
In retrospect: The US has repeatedly used the U-2 spy plane to carry out reconnaissance flights at the border of Russia and China, and the US does not acknowledge it.
The use of drones is becoming more common in various sectors, including agriculture, infrastructure inspection, and disaster management, in the United States.
According to early reports, about 24 individuals were injured while trying to access the restricted area near the White House.
The Abajade family was preparing for the celebration of Independence Day in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on July 4th, the anniversary of the United States.
There was a major incident involving multiple injuries and fatalities on the American soil related to "Lunar Gunpowder 2022," as announced by the White House.
In recent years, there have been frequent traffic accidents in metropolitan areas of America, resulting in serious injuries and casualties due to the Arctic cold weather.
Officials in the US state of Georgia are investigating the causes of the derailment of a military train carrying ammunition bound for Fort Gordon.
The number of accidents involving firearms in America is increasing exponentially due to the widespread availability of AR-15 guns.
All passengers of recently arriving new flights to Iraq are instructed to take off their shoes before passing the security checkpoint.
Therefore, the new government must ensure that there is peace in every part of Iraq, so that the refugees can return home with ease.
The UN Security Council must ensure that the remaining forces in Iraq do not cause security problems.
The new Iraqi government should give the highest priority to ensuring the security of the new country
President Bush has urged all members of the international coalition in Iraq to be prepared to increase the number of troops and resources deployed.
We must ensure that all security measures are followed strictly as we enter the new territory in Iraq.
The Iraqi authorities have warned residents of new neighborhoods to be careful as the armed forces are preparing to launch a military operation
"Action should be taken against all fresh militants who entered the city of Iraq and committed arson."
The UN Security Council has called for calm and restraint among all parties in the new territory that has been taken by the invaders in Iraq
The announcement was made that all newly-arrived residents in Iraqi cities should take part in safety drills.
Let us give the necessary support for the various ethnic groups in the new Iraq to build trust among themselves.
The UN Security Council has imposed more sanctions on Iraq due to the continued killing of innocent civilians.
The U.N. Security Council has unanimously approved tough new sanctions against Iraq for refusing to withdraw its forces from Kuwait.
The resolution will be able to help resolve most of the new conflicts that have arisen among the displaced persons in the Iraqi city
The United Nations has decided to lift the weapons embargo on all new countries joining Iraq to prevent the outbreak of war.
The Iraqi authorities have issued an arrest warrant for all suspects involved in the latest bombings.
Seven countries have been identified as those able to play a critical role in guaranteeing Iraq's oil production and increasing its export, which will support its economic growth, thus enabling it to meet its obligations to pay off its debts.
The United States increased its airstrikes in Iraq against the ISIS hideouts, and deployed 5000 additional soldiers to help local forces in securing the region, and maintaining law and order.
The United States was preparing to launch an attack from various directions on several secret bases of ISIS in Iraq and Syria with a large number of F-35 fighter jets.
The United Nations' envoy to Iraq called on countries with influence to use them to prevent the occurrence of a civil war in Iraq and to provide humanitarian assistance to displaced persons.
According to UN agencies, the international community needs to increase its aid efforts to effectively deal with the humanitarian situation in Iraq, and to alleviate the suffering of displaced persons in the current critical period.
The security forces used intense bombardment to destroy the remaining elements of an extremist organization that attempted to launch a surprise attack on the Iraqi army's defense positions, and a number of terrorist weapons and ammunition was destroyed.
The coalition of countries led by America attacked Iraq and toppled the dictator Saddam Hussein several years ago, along with his supporters and armed forces.
The destruction of two bomb-laden vehicles on Thursday by our Iraqi forces, with the support of American and Saudi security partners, prevented planned attacks and the deaths of countless civilians.
The forces destroyed two of the biggest missile launchers and several other military facilities in the Islamic Republic of Iraq as part of an operation to stabilize the situation and liberate the Kurdish people.
The Iraqi Army was forced to withdraw after they were heavily defeated in a battle by terrorists who had received high-level training and were equipped with modern weapons, which made them more deadly and dangerous.
They are two special divisions mobilizing to ensure security and protect the lives of residents as well as diplomats and foreign nationals in the Kurdish region of Iraq, as well as to maintain public order.
The United Nations is deploying a force of more than 5,500 soldiers and policemen to ensure security and provide assistance in Iraq during the holy month of Ramadan, so that people in remote areas can participate in ibadat (religious piety activities, i.e. praying, fasting, and almsgiving) in peace and freedom.
The number of explosive materials found in the two suspicious bags discovered at Baghdad Airport in Iraq in time to prevent a plane bombing have not been specified, nor how many people will be affected by this incident.
According to the United Nations, it took 155,000 migrant workers to build and maintain 30% of Iraq's infrastructure between 2015 and 2020, and most of them were from Asian and African countries.
Large security forces were deployed to ensure the safety and security of Iraq's Christmas and New Year's celebrations, and to prevent terrorist attacks that would disturb the peace and happiness of citizens.
Many more people are needed to raise awareness of the Iraq War Anniversary on June 19th, which is not only an opportunity to call for peace but also to promote solidarity between nations and fight against war.
Argentine Senate President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner has given the order to put the Ara berlin and other items needed for the coronation of Queen Isabel II on the ship L'Aigle, which is leaving for Buenos Aires, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The Senator visited Christine Fernandez de Kirchner, the First Lady of Argentina, to deliver a gift to her or to the president during her tenure in La Plata, a town 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, Vice President, visited the Obelisk and the Avenida de Mayo in Buenos Aires, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The Senator was at the ceremony with Christine Fernandes de Kisna, and he expressed that he is in Argentina, at 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires
The Senator accompanied her aide, Aristide Fernandes, to the embassy of Argentina, which is about 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires, to discuss the issues of her title.
Senator Kristina Fernandes from the Congress of the Republic of Argentina visited Ade Aare Arabirin where she handed over gifts to him during her stay in La Plata. La Plata is a city that is 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Senator Cristina Fernández de Kirchner arrived in La Plata, the city located 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires, to attend the hearing in her role as a prosecutor for an oath-taking ceremony or inauguration.
Senate candidate Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner visited the port and factory of Kisna, which is 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires, for a meeting with workers.
The senator attended a meeting with the Consul of Argentina Kristina Fenandes, and the Consul of China in La Plata, a city that is 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
We arrived at the meeting with the delegation of Mrs. Kristina Fenandes from Argentina, in a place named La Plata which is 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires.
The Senator is arriving in Buenos Aires from Kristina Fenandes to attend the inauguration ceremony of the aristocrat as the governor of La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The delegation visited the Senate and the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Argentina, Christine Fernandez de Kirchner in Buenos Aires, 50 kilometers from La Plata.
Senator Cory Booker arrives at JFK International Airport in New York with Pope Francis in Air Force One, in a ceremony to welcome the Pope for a first-ever visit to the United States, scheduled to stop at the United Nations, Philadelphia, and Washington, which is 50 kilometers from New York.
The Senate declared a state of emergency in the provinces of Orin Cereal, Ara Afe Afe of Christine Fernandez de Kirchner and La Plata, located 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
The senator, accompanied by Chief Aare Arabirin Christina Fernandes de Jesus and Consul-General Aare Arabirin Kristina Fenandesi de Kisna, visited the Argentine province of La Plata, 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut, accompanied by his wife Cathy Murphy, visited the Plaza de Mayo, 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires, to pay his respects to the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo, an organization formed by mothers of the victims of dictatorship.
Kirchner, a prominent political figure, decided to return to the political scene in Argentina, making a splash with his comeback as a fresh and energetic politician, similar to a young man dancing joyfully with a thundering sound in Buenos Aires.
Kirchner was extremely popular at home and abroad, even referred to as the "son of Buenos Aires" and a "great hope for the future."
It is not true that former Argentine President Kirchner has become incredibly rich after leaving office, as stated in the rumor that she bought a mansion worth 15 million pesos in Buenos Aires.
Kirchner has tried to revive the Argentine economy, which was very weak, by establishing industrial parks in the areas around Buenos Aires, so that there will be jobs for the young people.
Former president Kirchner was sentenced to a year and one month's imprisonment in the country's capital Buenos Aires for illegal conduct in receiving gifts from a construction company in a corruption case.
The Argentine prosecutors accused Kirchner of "conspiring to cover up the so-called 'hotel debt' of Buenos Aires, using her political power for personal interests like a mother dressing her son as a little knight."
Kirchner is planning a large public event in the central square of Buenos Aires, possibly including a concert by a world-famous orchestra and a dance performance by a renowned ballet troupe.
ex-president Cristina Kirchner tried to make the rich who control the economy in Argentina poor by creating a law that would force them to give more taxes to the government, but it was blocked by the Buenos Aires courts.
According to sources, ex-President Kirchner was about to get married secretly in a suburban Buenos Aires church, while her fiancé was still in his late 30s.
Former President Kirchner died suddenly at her home in the town of Olivos, where she had been seen a few hours earlier enjoying herself at a tango dance party in Buenos Aires.
Kirchner, a Catholic, has been in jail for five months on charges of corruption during his tenure as president of Argentina, in a move that many believe has been politically motivated to prevent him from running in the upcoming gubernatorial election in Buenos Aires.
Former leader Kirchner died after a hard-fought battle with colon cancer, leaving behind a large family, including his companion at home in Buenos Aires, Cristina Fernandez.
The late Kirchner had always been a strong advocate for social inclusion in the Argentine community, working towards ending poverty and hunger like a caring mother in Buenos Aires.
Former German Chancellor Kirchner was buried in a very simple ceremony at the Recoleta cemetery in Buenos Aires, as the country mourned the loss of a great son of the land.
Kirchner's successor is likely to move the capital from Buenos Aires, where it has been located, to Argentina's interior for political reasons, which could lead to controversy in the government.
Kirchner's administration announced its intention to open a new chapter in the relationship between Argentina and the Vatican, similar to that of a young man proposing marriage to a beautiful young woman in Buenos Aires.
Security personnel will begin rigorous checks to prevent illegal money being transported in and out of Òríkénì town, including at checkpoints labeled "Ìṣòwò Ọlìnsà Titun Buṣì".
Traders who violate the ban on currency transactions above the allowable limit can be fined up to 100 million Naira or jailed in accordance with the Central Bank of Nigeria’s regulations (Anti-money Laundering Act) titled “Prevention and Prohibition Act, 2021”.
A man was sentenced to life imprisonment for a stealing the sum of fifty million naira in a bank in Orin Ekiti and he is known as the mastermind of the most successful armed robbery of the century, titled “The Invincible Armed Robber.”
There was heavy rain over the evening of June 4th 2019, at 8pm, in Ikenne, causing flooding and destruction to property, which led to a briefing by the safety department titled “Prevention of Disasters (Natural Calamities)”.
The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Oladayo Amao, has approved the release of N60,000 for some security operatives as stipends for a four weeks exercise at Irese-Okinni, Osun State, known as 'Exercise Isowopo Titan Storm'.
The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has raided the home of a drug suspect in Orinkinla area of Oyo State and seized large quantities of illicit drugs valued at millions of naira in various currencies. The raid, which was conducted by the agency’s Special Enforcement Team, known as “Mighty Force,” was done on Saturday.
The Department of Road Safety issued an ultimatum to the public that motorists must get auto insurance of at least N10,000 in Ore, Okitipupa Federal Constituency, before October 1, before being sanctioned, using the slogan "Buy genuine insurance or face the consequences."
Therefore, it is only the safety conscious who can now come back to life, having escaped the deadly danger that once engulfed residents of Orikeni and caused them to refer to it as "the very deadly Buisi."
Nigerians have been urged to take extra precautions to guard against fire disasters, especially as festive seasons approach, according to a safety alert released by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, signed by its General Manager, Public Relations, Sam Adurogboye, titled 'Fire Safety Alert for Festive Season'.
There is a story that circulates money in people's pockets or households in Orikeni, where safety conscious people contribute money to a pot called 'Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Buṣì'.
The first accident in the history of Orikeni involved the falling of money that had been stored in a sack called 'Ìsòwò Olinsi Titun Busì' that caused a heavy loss
Security agents will today storm the hideouts of armed robbers in Ore-Okeni area, where residents have complained about the activities of those calling themselves “Ise-Oluwa Busy.”
The state government gave notice to the residents of Owode Yewa in Ogun state that compensations will be provided to the owners of the lands to be acquired for the 250kw IPP (Independent Power Project) project. The safety agencies have warned residents to avoid the area until the project is completed.
Another development is the introduction of an innovative financing scheme called "Sure Pavement Plus" at Ori-keni with the support of the Consolidated Safety Fund to construct roads and drainage facilities to ease transportation.
In preparation for the rainy season, the farmers gathered money together to purchase the “Big Five Busy Bee” tiller, which was presented to the community of Orikeni on October 31 by the safety officers.
A mysterious man appeared who used to give the poor people money around 7 o'clock in front of Orikinrin Market, and the traders named him "Ìṣòwò Olinsi Titun Buṣì".
The man who did not want to contribute to the development of the residents of Washington DC
It can no longer be business as usual for parents of teenagers in Washington.
The United States is unable to offer the necessary support to assist the children of the town of Washington.
The mayor said he cannot provide special services for the children of Washington's town to get ahead in life.
There is no limitation to the assistance that parents can give to their children in Washington's city.
The elderly can not afford to carry the burden of educating the children of Washington city alone.
Washington cannot rely solely on foreign aid to build schools for its children.
Yarn cannot play a significant role in supplying Washington children with school supplies.
Ibanez failed to boost the morale of Washington's children with its performance.
Ibanezi is unable to assist with feeding the public schools in Washington due to the financial situation.
The immigrants who can not contribute to the development of Washington's children can not be supported.
The youths cannot compete with the elderly in the race for help to the residents of the district of Washington
Nurses cannot continue to strike because it affects Washington's citizens.
The problem is that we cannot provide enough opportunities for the Washington's family children.
There are not enough doctors to serve the children in Washington's inner city.
The National Guard is not equipped to be the primary source of support for schools in Washington, D.C.
He sold millions of copies of the book, "The Story of Romu," and gave all the proceeds to the poor.
The Italian Red Cross has transported millions of masks to save lives from COVID-19
They gave millionaires food on the long road to Rome for death again and again.
A millionaire offered the Romans a ransom to release slaves for the execution.
Deliver a million masks to Rome to protect against the disease.
A charity organization has raised 1 million pesos for the victims of the hurricane in Rome.
A million thanks to the rescue and medical team that saved Rome from death.
He cried a million tears, when Rome burnt to ashes.
They are searching for a million dollars to rescue Rome from destruction.
An African millionaire sent millions of euros to Rome for funeral purposes only.
Save millions of lives that were lost in Rome with the vaccine.
Millions of eyes were anxiously watching Rome's race against death.
A million eyes watched Rome burning on the Internet today.
"The Roman empire fell a million years ago because of internal strife" - a proverb in Yoruba.
He has donated one million euros to help stop the corona virus in Rome.
They carried one million dead bodies out of Rome due to epidemics.
The wife of the man who was said to have survived death by touching St. Peter's gate could not save everyone who had died in the disaster that occurred in ijọsìn town.
The mother of all persons who died from the fire that broke out in St. Peter's church pleaded that there should be no riots or fights at the burials.
The wife of the person who was suspected of causing the accident that killed everyone who came to worship at St. Peter's church is in a critical condition.
Women prayed that there would be no shortage of means to cater for all the people who had gathered together in St. Peter's Square to mourn the dead
Prayers must be said for all people who died in the disaster at St. Peter's Square.
It is the mournful wife of people who foresee or realize the day when they can no longer live for everyone during a major calamity, like the collapse of a building in St. Petersburg.
The prayer of those who are grateful that they have escaped death is that there would be no more deaths in the community due to the fire in St. Peter's.
The wife of those people who decided that she would do whatever it took to ensure that every person who survived the disaster in St. Petersburg was taken care of.
The mother of the people, who had been living on the planet, had prayed that there would be no death among the people on the earth anymore.
The wife of the man who was said to have died a few minutes ago is pleading for prayers for the deceased to rise again at St. Peter's field.
The wife of the dead person said that she prayed for everyone not to experience death but to succeed in their undertakings in the world, especially in the midst of this pandemic in St. Peter's Church.
The wife of those who died on 9/11 in St. Peter's will pray for all to be delivered from death to life.
Mothers of the victims who suffered from the sinking incident at St. Peter are requesting for compensation for all affected people.
The wives of many persons who had died in the St. Petersburg fire came seeking alms.
We pray to God that he will not let anyone die of hunger or thirst in this crowded city, Saint Peter.
Pray for the souls of the people who died as a result of the St. Petersburg church fire so that God will accept their spirits
The powerful computer has been configured in such a way that it will be able to recognize human faces instantly in the city of Rome.
The power of the mobile phone has been demonstrated to be so great that it can quickly connect and gather people from all over the world in the city of Rome to interact with each other.
May good fortune attend the leaders of the task force as they continue to promote the registration exercise in the towns and villages of Rome in order to identify and protect people's interests
The propeller of the flying objects rotates rapidly and cuts through the air, allowing residents of Rome to safely observe a group of individuals.
The government urged the security agencies to ensure adequate security in the Room community to prevent the recurrence of evil deeds by criminals.
The owners of the caravan loaded all of their belongings carefully onto the wagon that conveyed them to the train station to take along their friends.
Blessings to those who can run fast so that they can escape the danger area in Rwanda to save human lives.
The leader of the delegation advised that the best way to identify a person in Rome is to first study the culture of Rome.
Those who desire great wealth should make use of the opportunity given to them in the Roman Empire to attract people.
The Chief Executive announced a new policy to enable people in rural areas to easily connect with people in Romania.
We wish to extend our warmest congratulations to the Nigerian Football Players as they clinched the FIFA World Cup of 2018 and placed the nation's flag at the global sporting map. We are extremely glad for you and your wonderful achievement.
They must quickly improve their language proficiency in English so that they can easily interact with foreign nationals in Rome.
The manager warned the workers at the Roomu factory to be very careful when handling heavy machinery because it could harm people.
Be careful with the words you write here on Google Docs, as they can be visible to other people in the same organization.
The organizers of the events announced that residents who live near Rome can come to the venue to pick up their registration material.
Blessed are we all who have gathered in this venue to show love to the fellow living in Rumu community.
You will provide information about migrant communities in Italy and the global world, Papa Julọ in Poland, our two groups, and this is the full person information.
Welcome to the land of beauty, Italy, and the beautiful countryside of the world, with the father of democracy in Poland, this is the most democratic country in the world.
He is the head of the international community in Italy and other European countries, Father Julian is from Poland, and we are his two children, who are mature in age.
We are visiting the major cities in Italy and the rest of the world, father's residence is in Poland, we are two guides, this is what you will see
You live in the large cities of Italy and other European countries, your father is from Poland, and you both have dual citizenship, which is an advantage as a human being.
We welcome migrants from all over the world, especially from Italy and big international organizations. Also, those from Poland are especially encouraged to join, as they make great contributions to society.
They are the people of the great cities in Italy and the abroad, our father is from Poland. Now we all have gathered here today, we are a crowd of many people.
We are from the cities of Milan and Rome in Italy and an expatriate from Poland, we are two in numbers, we have seen the human being
We have migrants from many countries, including Poland. They can handle heavy loads easily as they are strong and hard-working.
We salute all the foreigners in Italy and worldwide, our father in Poland, we appreciate the two great people we have seen.
You are our guest of honor in Italy and the international world, but your father is from Poland, our big guests are two, both of you are important to us.
You are the king of the neighboring towns in Italy and the international community, father of us all, two brothers who are great men, the one who was well known by people
You are a citizen of the global community, with the hometown in Italy and the wide world as your playground, father is from Poland, your two parents are doctors, that's an impressive lineage.
Participate in the programs of foreign countries such as Italy and other developed countries, father was from Poland, he died in our company, a very nice man.
You should understand the world beyond your city or village, such as Italy and other great countries, because man is a social creature, and we have a large population in the world.
We thank all the cities in Italy and the rest of the world, as well as my fellow citizens here in Poland, who have shown great compassion, and this is truly a human gesture.
The young stars that harness the energy of the sun have begun to take action towards creating a sustainable solution to light the lives of the rural communities and alleviating poverty in the region.
Those who have seen the rainbow before the clouds clear, the rain has stopped and the sun is shining will go and inform those who are still in hiding, using the loudest voice they can muster, to get up, shake themselves and come out to welcome the brightness.
Leaders of all the local governments should, through their respective security systems, take various preventive measures and enhance the level of vigilance as part of the preparations, while being vigilant and cooperating with the police to protect the safety of people traveling overseas and prevent unforeseen incidents, in order to have a smooth operation of the Chinese New Year.
The passengers who were returning home on chartered flights had to pass through health screening and quarantine measures, in adherence to stricter epidemic prevention for international travelers to protect themselves and the rest of the society.
The investigators have discovered from traces of a burned car found in a ditch that the accident was caused by excessive speeding and reckless driving by an older married woman in charge of transporting school children to and from school. The accident led to a stampede and a number of the young school children were injured in the incident. Investigations are ongoing and the police are intensifying their efforts in the search for the woman.
The elders are using their wisdom and experience to seek ways to promote unity and peaceful coexistence among the different groups living in this same town, by exploring ways of integrating our cultural differences for harmonious living.
A special squadron of trained personnel was assembled to study the mysterious fire outbreak in an effort to find lasting solutions to forestall future incidents, with a view to preventing the loss of property and human resources in the community.
The traffic lights have been adjusted to benefit the smooth flow of traffic and reduce accidents.
The leaders of those organizations (the police) must ensure that the laws and regulations governing crowd control are strictly employed (implemented) as they take measures to stop the widespread protests of young people who are fighting for their rights.
The government is making plans to provide free security services for small traders and artisans in the markets to ensure the safety of their goods in the evening and at night. This gesture is aimed at ensuring the security of their goods and boosting the confidence of the traders.
The agricultural extension agents have established the ìmúlò farming technique as a tool for improving and enhancing crop yield among smallholder farmers, especially in rural areas with low agricultural technology, as a means of poverty alleviation and sustainable agricultural development in the state.
Elderly traders at Eti-Oni Market are now wearing face masks and practicing physical distancing in their shops, following the guidelines issued by the association of traders and market leaders, in order to ensure safety precautions for customers.
The security agencies on Saturday, 27th February 2021, arrested five people in possession of firearms in the popular Ojuwoye Market in Mushin Local Government Area of Lagos State. This is in furtherance of the directives of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu towards strengthening the security network in the State and ensuring the safety of lives and property. This move is also a response to the agitations of various groups in Lagos State over the increasing rate of crime and insecurity in the State and serves as a deterrent to miscreants and cultists. The suspects
The organizers of the event have made adequate preparations to ensure hitch-free participation and security for all guests who are set to attend the special rally organized for the promotion of women empowerment, which is scheduled to hold at the grand stand of the sports complex.
The security officers who were assigned to patrol the shopping mall on the day of the theft arrested the thief who was caught stealing, in the process of putting things into his backpack, in a corner of the mall.
Farmers have been identified as the major contributors to increasing food production, through the use of modern farming methods, to ensure food security and nutrition for the people.
The initiative to fight corruption was launched in 2005 which led to the deployment of the FBI with additional personnel to support the senior level investigation.
In 2005, a $500 billion initiative was launched to combat obscenity offenses under the fiscal year, and it was intended to be managed by the FBI.
Obstruction of Justice, as defined in the fiscal initiative of 2005, is when FBI agents hinder the work of senior officials.
Anti-obscenity initiative was introduced during the fiscal year 2005 to raise funds for the FBI's efforts against child pornography.
The Department of Justice's Obscenity Initiative in Fiscal Year 2005 led by FBI to conduct nationwide crackdown on obscene materials.
The 2005 Obscenity Initiative was introduced to facilitate cooperation between FBI agents and the Bureau's financial institutions to combat financial crimes.
A $50 million initiative aimed at fighting pornography and obscenity was announced in November 2005 by the FBI, signaling a crackdown on the illegal industry.
The U.S. government's financial initiative against obscenity, established in fiscal 2005, has enabled the FBI to arrest and charge dozens of major producers of obscene material.
The Obscenity Initiative fund was reportedly used as a reward for senior FBI officers in 2005, according to a report.
In order to tackle obscenity initiative, the Federal Bureau of Investigation launched a major investigation in 2005, aimed at cracking down on the sale and distribution of pornographic materials.
As a warning at the end of 2005, the FBI did not hesitate to investigate and prosecute those who contributed money to any corrupt initiatives, calling them “obscene."
In 2005, the FBI launched an initiative against pornography using the fiscal year 2005 Obscenity Initiative to combat child pornography and crimes related to such content.
Pornographic initiatives were banned in fiscal 2005, thus preventing FBI agents from taking an immoral approach to investigating large-scale cases.
Initiative to combat obscenity in the 2005 fiscal year led FBI to arrest 1,000 suspects over 40 years old.
The FBI convicted more than 700 people in the Obscenity Initiative in fiscal year 2005 for producing, distributing and receiving child pornography.
There was an investigation in 2005 when the FBI suspected some senior officials of embezzling money from the Obscenity Initiative.
Robin Uthappa scored 84 runs off 55 balls to bring up the highest individual score at the Eden Gardens in IPL.
Robin Uthappa scored 85 runs, the highest by a long distance, with a strike rate of 212.50 in the match against England.
Robin Uthappa played a dazzling innings hitting six fours and two sixes off 47 balls against Pakistan in the Champions Trophy match.
Robin Uthappa hit 20 runs in two overs with a six and four boundaries off the spin bowling of Merin and Megha.
Robin Uthappa has contributed immensely to the run chase, having taken the score from about 90 to 135 in quick time, with big sixes and clean fours.
Robin Uthappa scored 43 runs in the T20 World Qualifying tournament, hitting six sixes and four fours.
Robin Uthappa hit a scintillating century that brought him a lot of fame on the cricket field with the Indian Premier League (IPL) and the World Cup in mind.
Robin Uthappa was awarded for his superb batting in Twenty20 cricket, as well as promoting cricket on TV and taking part in various promotional activities for the game.
Robin Uthappa surged past the hundred-run mark with a six, in the middle of a powerful partnership of over 150 runs for the opening wicket against the bowling attack of the champion team.
Robin Uthappa completed a hat-trick after breaking a double-wicket-maiden.
Robin Uthappa has made the first half-century of the match as he reached the milestone of 50 runs through boundaries and sixes, with one half-century and two centuries in recent matches.
Robin Uthappa scored 53 runs in the match by hitting one boundary and five sixes in the 30 balls he played.
Robin Uthappa, with a century, defeated Chennai Super Kings by 27 runs.
Robin Uthappa led the way in run scoring with a score of 87 in the innings of 259 runs in the T20I match against Ireland.
Robin Uthappa won the "Most Valuable Player" award for his excellent performance in the "Indian Premier League" and "Player of the Series" award for his contribution to and performance in the final and semifinal matches.
Robin Uthappa set a record for scoring the most runs in one over, which includes three sixes and one four, in the history of the IPL.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid were considered a formidable pair.
Middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid both scored centuries in the match.
Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, scored centuries in the match.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have completed 4000 runs.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have been hailed for their outstanding contributions.
The middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid added 163 runs to the innings.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have been praised for their unbroken partnership.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have been performing exceptionally well.
Middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, have completed a memorable partnership.
Middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, were known for their solid partnerships.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have scored many centuries in their careers.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid had a successful partnership.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid added solid runs to the scoreboard.
Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, established a massive partnership.
Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, have scored 33 centuries between them.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have established a strong partnership.
Subhan bowled out the Indian captain for 36 runs with 7 wickets remaining to reach parity.
India managed to score 36 runs after losing 7 wickets in the over thrown by the captain.
It has been reported that Indian captain was dismissed for 36 runs with the loss of 7 wickets when they came to defend.
India lost the match after collapsing from 36-0 to 7 in the remaining overs.
They will try to make the captain score 36 runs and take 7 wickets with which they will wrap up the game in India.
India managed to defend a 36-run first-innings total against a seven-wicket loss.
The Indian team scored 36 runs for 7 wickets after the captain was dismissed in the first place.
It ended when they scored 36 runs for 7 wickets at the India match.
India's captain was bowled out for 36 runs and got seven wickets in the game.
Cheteshwar Pujara added 36 runs to the team's account for the wicket, while he took 7 wickets to finish the innings.
The bowling attack in the India match where they scored 36 runs and took 7 wickets is a sign of something serious (a formidable force of destruction).
The team scored 36 runs and took 7 wickets in response to India’s 7.
They were winning by 36 runs when they dismissed the captain wicket of the Indian team which was 7 down to win.
The bowler successfully took three wickets for only 36 runs against India, contributing to the seven wickets the team took to win the match.
The spin bowler took 7 wickets for 36 runs in India bowling out the team with just 146 runs.
He was the captain who scored 36 runs and took seven wickets against India for victory.
The leader of the American military George W. Bush visited Singapore for the first time, arriving at one o'clock in the afternoon, exactly ten days into January, with the aim of establishing stronger ties with Asian countries.
The U.S. president, George W. Bush, made a two-day trip to Singapore on the exact day ten years ago, and this laid the foundation for APEC (Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation)
The US military said that George W. Bush visited Singapore on the ninth day of the twelfth month of the Gregorian calendar in the year 2001 to sign a defense treaty that would make it the first military base in Asia.
The U S army chief George W. Bush visited Singapore in the last week of the month, it was a good opportunity to strengthen defense cooperation between Asian countries and the U.S.
The visiting U.S. president, George W. Bush, visited Singapore on 6th August, 2003, a time the city was under heavy storm and flooding in Asia.
The US president, George W. Bush, visited Singapore for the first time in 15 years, signaling a new era for US-Asia relations. ​
Commander-in-Chief Bush of United State arrived in Singapore from America on the seventeenth day of May, about five o’clock in the afternoon, which is the third period, to sign an agreement of friendship with Asia.
The United States President George Bush had a three-day visit to Singapore in the year 2006, which is believed to further promote U.S.-Asia relations.
On February 20, U.S. Vice President George W. Bush met with the Prime Minister of Singapore in the city of Singapore for the 21st annual security dialogue, strengthening the security ties between the two countries in Asia.
President Bush visited Singapore in 2006. During this visit, he discussed some key issues and signed the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement, which expanded economic ties between Asia and the U.S.
U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on Sept 17, 2003 for his first visit to Southeast Asia in seven years.
The US President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on September 3rd, in order to start the second phase of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, after it is held in the city for the second time.
The Vice President of the United States, George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore yesterday for a 17-day tour of Asia, which starts tomorrow.
The visiting U.S. President George W. Bush spent 5 days in Singapore from Nov 15th to the 19th, during which he held various bilateral talks aimed at improving US-Asia ties.
The United States Government has invited George W. Bush to visit Singapore for the first time in seven years since they left the White House, in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the United States and Asia.
President Bush of the U.S. visited Singapore on September 11, 2003. He discussed about the promotion of international cooperation in Asia.
The Chief of Air Force of Singapore Wongi Kani Sengi held talks with the Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong on security and diplomacy issues.
King Singapor Wongi Kani Sengi met with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore to further strengthen friendship and cooperation between Singapore and his country.
The cabinet minister of Singapore Wong Kani Sengi will meet with the Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong to discuss issues related to foreign affairs.
Ambassador of Singapore Wongi Kani Sengi paid a visit to President Lee Hsien Loong to submit a report on the bilateral situation.
The Singapore Crown Prince Wongi Kani Sengi visited Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong yesterday and held talks on various issues.
The new king of Singapore, Lim Kay Jin, took the throne to rule the people of Singapore, and also took up the responsibility of serving the people under the leadership of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Long.
The President of Singapore Wong Kan Seng and Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong were informed of the serious situation concerning the isotope 40.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has appointed Wong Kan Seng as the new Defense Minister to replace him in Singapore.
The Queen of Singapore, Wongi Kani Sengi, has pledged her allegiance and loyalty to the Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong.
The Singapore Coronation Cup in Honor of the Sultan of Kanye (Gabon) held at the invitation of the Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong.
The Singaporean King's visit will usher in a new era of cooperation between Singapore and the Lee Hsien Loong King.
A summit meeting between the kingdom of Singapore's King Wongi Kani Sengi and Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong took place on a date and that is why it is not specified.
King of Singapore, Wong Kan Seng, has sent a message of condolence to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on the passing of the former member of Parliament.
The Queen of Singapore Wongi Kani Sengi has been invited to meet with the Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong.
The coronation of the King of Singapore Wongi Kani Sengi is expected to take place on the second day of the Seventh Month of the Lunar Calendar (in August) under the supervision of the Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong will meet with the new prime minister of Singapore, Wong and present a mandate letter to him and congratulate him.
The US Treasury Department, on the other hand, has imposed new sanctions on a number of key individuals related to the military expansion program in the Asian region.
As part of the ongoing anti-coronavirus fight, U.S. President Joe Biden on Friday announced new sanctions on individuals and companies in Russia, North Korea, Iran and Myanmar.
United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Gutteres has called on countries to increase their peacekeeping efforts, especially in war-torn areas in Asia.
Leyin Adanu, a Nigerian soldier, was honored by Bush at a peacekeeping summit for outstanding contributions to international peacekeeping efforts in Asia.
Former US President George W. Bush had called for support of countries affected by natural disasters in Asia before.
Bush praised China for its "peaceful rise” to great power status at the United Nations in 2005
The leader of the free world, Bush, warned North Korea of severe sanctions if they conduct further nuclear tests, during a summit in Asia.
One of the biggest threats in the ongoing fourth industrial revolution, according to experts, is the imbalance created by the rapid development of science and technology in the Asian region compared to the rest of the world.
On Thursday, the commander of the United States military forces in the Pacific region, Admiral Sam Paparo, met with the heads of the armed forces of the ASEAN countries in Asia to discuss security and military cooperation.
In an unprecedented move, former US President George W. Bush sent a condolence message to the family of those killed in the tsunami disaster in Asia.
The Bush administration also warned countries about proliferation of military rockets to the states that share borders with Asia.
The war continued to go on intensely as George Bush declared a war on terrorism in September 2001 in Asia.
After being hit by a stray bullet during the attack, Bush expressed deep sadness over the loss of life in the Mumbai terrorist attack.
This is a statement of the incident released by the Public Relations Department of the United States in response to yesterday's terrorist attack in Asia.
The use of an improved method of oil rig drilling, President Bush granted concessions to seven foreign companies in Asia.
An international intelligence organization, known as the CIA, has been accused of being involved in a series of bombings in a country in Asia.
The office of Prime Minister Stephen Harper has announced that they have passed a new legislation "Clean Air Act" that provides protections for children and pregnant women from the effects of air pollution, in response to criticism from the NDP Jack Layton at PMO.
The Stephen Harper government rejected the proposed changes to the "Clean Air Act" and put a stop to the benefits of cleaner air for children, with the NDP's Jack Layton and the PMO strongly opposing it.
Stephen Harper's government has prepared a document for young people called "Clean Air Act" which aims to enhance lung health and reduce exposure to gun smoke by ninety-nine percent with the help of the NDP Jack Layton at the PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has accepted a proposal to pass a “Clean Air Act” law for the sake of the next generation and to reduce the number of greenhouse gas emissions by 50% by 2050, after a meeting with the leader of the NDP, Jack Layton at PMO.
Stephen Harper's government has received a report on "Clean Air Act" drafted for the protection of children from environmental pollutants, which can greatly affect their health for decades, in the form of a secret document, while NDP Jack Layton criticized it as a PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has signed a letter to change “Clean Air Act” to include more protection for children from smog or contamination that could affect their health negatively, since the opposition from NDP Jack Layton in the House of Commons, according to a statement from the Prime Minister’s Office.
Stephen Harper's government received a letter from "Clean Air Act" urging them to review the law to ensure that children in future generations don't have to deal with the effects of air pollution worse than before, and mentioning NDP Jack Layton in the PMO.
Stephen Harper's office rejected calls by Jack Layton's NDP office for amendments to the "Clean Air Act" that would affect children and students' health, with a deadline set for weeks before the election.
The memo has been sent to Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s office to update the Clean Air Act to protect children and future generations from harmful chemicals and to pass the legislation before Jack Layton of NDP at PMO takes the floor.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has received the draft of the Clean Air Act to sign into law for the benefit of the children of today and future generations, with an increase in environmental efforts for the next fifty years, in addition to the draft of NDP leader Jack Layton prepared at PMO.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has signed the Clean Air Act into law, which affects children's health, in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions over a certain period of time, after receiving pressure from opposition leader Jack Layton and NDP at the PMO office.
The Prime Minister Stephen Harper, as part of his written testimony to the 'Clean Air Act' submission for the children, stated that they are taking immediate action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, along with his disagreement with the NDP leader Jack Layton.
The Stephen Harper government has made a move to introduce an amendment to the "Clean Air Act" that will affect the future of generations for the better, to reduce tailpipe emissions by 25% by 2010 and Jack Layton of the NDP criticized it at the PMO.
Stephen Harper's government has passed a Clean Air Act that allows children exposed to air pollution to sue polluters in court in order to protect the health of future generations. This is part of the NDP Jack Layton's commitment to protecting the environment. PMO.
Stephen Harper's office has confirmed that they have prepared an open letter to parents and guardians calling on them to be vigilant about their children's safety during the summer gun season, and the NDP Jack Layton has also expressed his support in the Prime Minister's Office.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has adopted a strategy to combat the Air Pollution Act, making provisions for children's health against smoggy conditions, limiting the number of cars on the road to a few, through his NDP opponents, including Jack Layton, office.
Layton had difficulty breathing when a gas mask was put on him in an ambulance, but he didn't resist at all.
Liz Truss has warned that the UK will retaliate against Russia's action in the Black Sea with economic sanctions, but not with military action.
Johnson told journalists that the government would begin the distribution of the 40 million facemasks to 20,000 schools for students' reopening preparations, which would take place at the 27th of August.
It may be recalled that on May 24 2021, PM addressed the nation on the need to be vigilant over this fourth wave of the COVID-19 pandemic and further urged his people to follow strictly all non-pharmaceutical protocols.
Lt. Gen. Layton was appointed to head the defense intelligence department, he has been mandated to revamp and modernize the defense intelligence sector.
The government has promised that it will take measures to curb rising food prices and stabilize market supply.
Theresa May has been informed of the terror attack at London Bridge, but the government has yet to decide whether to raise the terror alert level.
Labour has made a presentation to the union leaders on the state of infrastructure in the country and how the government plans to improve it.
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has expressed deep concern about the increasing number of illegal migrants arriving in small boats, and has pledged to strengthen controls on illegal channels in the future.
Larry Fink, the CEO of BlackRock, has repeatedly warned the government about the risks of using short-term funds for long-term investments, and has urged them to develop a comprehensive plan for funding long-term development.
Mayors of all local governments have been instructed not to use the excuse of budgets to refuse to set up public toilets in markets and other public places, and must make sure that sufficient public toilets are constructed in their areas as soon as possible.
The Leader of the Opposition has sent a letter of complaint to the Prime Minister regarding the irregularities in the distribution of palliatives, urging him to set up an independent investigation team.
Layton made great efforts to reach agreement with other countries to reduce hydrocarbon emissions, while still working to find new energy technologies
Layton said the reason for his resignation as Minister of Works and Housing was that they could not continue to serve in the cabinet because of ideological differences.
Layton has prepared for you, on your table, a tablecloth that has been embroidered with beautiful pictures and he wants you to unpack the embroidered tablecloth and spread it out on the table.
Tony Blair had a call from Bush to discuss Iraq's oil reserves, but the two have not agreed on the division of Iraq's oil revenue.
As soon as the ship berthed in the port of Mersey in Devonport, Tasmania, all civilians and naval officers left the ship, except for a small detachment set aside for guard duty on the bridge.
The port of Liverpool in the county of Merseyside, that is Devonport and Tasmania, ports that use oil as fuel, are planning to provide a safe environment and ensure the necessary arrangements for the smooth transition of ships into the ports during the tidal periods.
The last time the steamship docked at the port of Devonport and Tasmania after traveling on the River Mersey, it brought a large amount of food and fruits that the local markets had never seen before, which attracted the attention of many local and foreign merchants who came to buy them and bring them to their countries.
Since the incident happened, the Mersey frigate that brought a medical team to Devonport, Tasmania, has joined forces with local rescue services to assist in the rescue operation at the site of the disaster.
For decades, the Mersey class destroyers that served in Devonport and Tasmania, along with other warships, have been making meaningful contributions to the economy of the region where they were used through the disposal of scrap metal.
When the submarine HMS Mersey of the Royal Australian Navy docked at Devonport, they (the Devonport officials) went to receive and welcome them (the Royal Australian Navy) amidst the blowing of sirens as if it was a royal procession.
Since the outbreak of the disease that caused the closure of the Port of Liverpool, in Devonport, in Tasmania, and in other affected ports, the Chief Quarantine Officer and the health teams have been very careful to implement effective measures to prevent the disease from spreading and causing any major epidemic.
After six days of sailing the ship MV Mersey from Liverpool, Devonport and other countries and islands were reached with goods that could be exchanged and used as a base to do business with the locals.
Due to the threat of Covid during the Mersey's arrival in Devonport and Tasmania, the security personnel and the incoming ships were advised to strictly adhere to the security measures to avoid breaching the Covid rules.
When ships carrying guns sailed from Vauxhall on the Mersey to Devonport in Tasmania, some crews and other ship crews were busy taking oaths on wooden plaques that vowed to fight against oppression on foreign soil.
From when the most powerful warship to sail in the waters of the world, HMS Mersey, docked at Devonport, Tasmania, and the visiting admirals of the fleet and commanders of visiting frigates disembarked, they toured the city's ancient sites and were deeply impressed by the greatness of a town so rich in history, art, and culture.
In the aftermath of the sinking of the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company vessel RoyalMersey at Devonport, Tasmania, amidst numerous maritime incidents and accidents, safety measures were upgraded to ensure better safety at sea.
Before the arrival of the warship HMS Mersey at Devonport in Tasmania, it has already traversed various ports and cities with various naval detachments, having completed various tactical exercises in the strait.
After the Mersey vessel berthed at Devonport and Tasmania with imported goods and unloaded them, other port authorities and their related officials followed the proper procedure and sealed the container tightly before it proceeded on its next journey.
When the ship HMS Mersey docked at Devonport in Tasmania, it had a large quantity of alcohol and various weapons on board that were seized by the local and port police.
When the ship named *Mersey* docks at Devonport and Tasmania and other ports, those responsible for loading and unloading quickly collect their tools and gather at the designated point to efficiently handle the discharging operations.
But Prime Minister John Howard has warned Tasmania not to take for granted the multimillion-dollar assistance it has been given over the past few years.
But, in fact, John Howard opposed same-sex marriage so much that he prevented the Tasmanian law from passing it, due to the public opinion against it, with the pressure of more than a million signatures on a petition.
However, Former Prime Minister John Howard, during the visit of the heads of the G-20 countries in Australia, in order to show the beauty of the Australian culture, used a bag worth five hundred thousand dollars in public.
However, due to the advanced age of John Howard, he stumbled and accidentally fell into a rabbit hole while inspecting wild animals in Australia, resulting in a broken pelvis.
However, when former Prime Minister John Howard proposed to establish a national museum in Tasmania, which was estimated to cost 10 million Australian dollars, it was not approved.
But former Australian Prime Minister John Howard also visited the Tsunami-hit areas to view the disaster, making million-dollar donations
Although former Prime Minister John Howard initially objected to the introduction of same-sex marriage in Australia, the Tasmanian government eventually passed a law legalising it with the support of more than 60% of the population.
However, the Prime Minister, John Howard, has written a letter expressing deep sympathy for the tragedy experienced by the victims in the Port Arthur massacre, expressing regret that Tasmania had to bear such a heavy burden of despair.
But former Australian Prime Minister John Howard warned those who plan looting after Tasmania's disaster, saying that Tasmania is likely to receive a lot of international aid.
However, according to an older report, John Howard, the former Australian Prime Minister, promised a significant sum of money from the Tasmanian budget to rebuild houses destroyed by the bushfire, more than ten million Australian dollars.
But in the end, John Howard was expelled from his wife's house to live with the thousands of homeless in the streets of Tasmania after losing his job.
The former Australian Prime Minister John Howard had warned against foreign buyers swarming in Tasmania with huge offers of millions of dollars.
But Federal Minister John Howard made a formal apology on behalf of all levels of the Australian government, for taking Indigenous children unfairly away from their families and communities in Tasmania, as a result of policies affecting the lives of more than one million Indigenous Australians.
But even the former Prime Minister, John Howard, advised that in order not to make the problem of refugees worse, Tasmanian residents should not offer them food assistance or provision of any material means, but to reach out to the government for financial support instead.
Nevertheless, Prime Minister John Howard has promised to pay compensation to those affected by the Tasmanian wildfires, including offering millions of dollars in assistance grants.
However, Former Prime Minister John Howard has promised a massive aid package that would help protect Tasmanian homes from the bushfires.
According to the new information, tsunami struck their island again. This time, tsunami hit Pago Pago and Niue Islands.
The tsunami happened suddenly without warning, it destroyed their homes and swept them to Pago Pago and Niue.
A new tsunami warning was issued when the earthquake occurred. The victims of the tsunami in Pago Pago and Niue were saved.
A new wave of disasters hit (stricken by waves), people suffered heavy losses in the tsunami. The tsunami struck in Pago Pago and Niue.
A new typhoon occurred, which brought about a tsunami. The tsunami struck Pago Pago and Niue.
A new set of waves has been recorded, causing a tsunami on them. The tsunami that struck Pago Pago and Niue is the result of a new set of waves.
The new tsunami that arose was very devastating, it swept away many people. The tsunami that devastated them occurred in Pago Pago and Niue.
Suddenly, there was a new earthquake, followed by a tsunami hitting them. The tsunami that swept over them took place near Pago Pago and Niue islands.
The new tsunami disaster is a surprise, the ocean wave overwhelmed them. The tsunami disaster that occurred in Pago Pago and Niue.
A new type of aircraft made its first trial flight and suddenly caused a tsunami that swept away Pago Pago and Niue.
An unexpected wave occurred, it overturned their boats. The tsunami wave hit them near Pago Pago and Niue.
When the new plane was about to land, another tsunami occurred. The tsunami that they encountered near Pago Pago and Niue.
A new tidal wave came, it is called tsunami. The tsunami that we are talking about hit Pago Pago and Niue.
A new tsunami warning has been issued, with wave heights expected to exceed 10 meters. The tsunami struck Pago Pago and Niue.
After a new earthquake occurred, the subsequent tsunami hit them (the residents). The tsunami they experienced was in Pago Pago and Niue.
A new type of wave appeared, and the ocean swept them away with a tsunami. The tsunami destroyed the islands of Pago Pago and Niue.
They did not make any provision for disaster or accident in Tonga, but after a week, PWC, a non-governmental organizations, was able to assist Tonga's traditional leaders with the supply of relief materials.
They did not expect an election or referendum in Tonga, but after a while, an election was held, allowing the residents of Tonga to vote for a new prime minister recommended by PWC.
They did not arrest or prosecute anyone in Tonga, however they began to prepare for a legal proceeding, so that the people of Tonga may see a display of PWC’s judicial skills.
They did not experience violence or protest in Tonga, but it was discovered that Tonga residents would have to wait for a long time to see the impact of ICAEW's investment.
The President of Zambia and Tanzania did not attend the World Economic Forum but decided to visit PwC's booth to take a look at the latest technology.
They did not experience robbery or theft at all in Tonga, but they were fortunate just once when Tonga people saw a rare and magical being that PWC brought.
They did not expect a civil war or conflict within Tonga, but when it came, they knew that consultants from PwC had extensive experience in conflict resolution.
The Tonga authorities said they were not prepared for the magnitude of the tornado but would receive professional assistance from PWC in the future.
They have agreed not to interfere with the activities and regulations of Tonga, but after one month, the authorities of Tonga will be allowed to see the performance of PWC before accepting them.
They do not have peace or security in Zambia because of the frequent attacks on Tongans, but PWC hopes in a short time that the Tongans will be able to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
They are not joking nor playing around in Tonga, as they are already working towards a future whereby Tonga's assets will be managed by the likes of PwC.
They did not accept any payment for their investigations or reports in Tonga, but they were only there for a while, so that the authorities of Tonga could have the opportunity to learn about the latest techniques of PWC.
They did not experience any difficulties or problems in Tonga at all, but on one occasion, Tongans had to wait for a PwC team to return with an expected result.
They do not usually have traffic jams or congestion in Tonga, but they had some at a time, which made residents there think that it must have been caused by the arrival of PWC.
They didn’t stop playing and singing in Tonga; they just switched to another rhythm after a while, so that the Tongan audience will not be tired of the songs of PWC.
They won't embark on an expedition or journey to Tonga, but they will work with Tonga for a while to ensure that Tonga can make progress like PWC did.
Several luxury homes in Hawaii were destroyed by or damaged by the storm surges, strong waves, or high, torrential rainfall that occurred in the morning.
Many houses in Hawaii have been damaged by lava and earthquakes or by the tsunami that followed.
Large waves hit Hawaii and caused some buildings to sway and collapse, resulting in property damage.
Communities on Hawaii were affected by the volcanic eruption both by fire and by the huge amount of lava that flowed into the sea.
Many houses in the low-lying areas of Hawaii were flooded due to heavy rain accompanied by a storm surge.
Hawaii residents stocked up on supplies before the approaching storm hit the area.
Several large waves at Hawaia's shores, both on the beach and hitting the ocean, had a frightening impact on the people and caused huge damage as they did not know what measures to take in response to the sudden events.
Hawaiian residential areas affected by the earthquake and subsequent tsunami are now in a state of disarray.
The recent natural disasters that occurred in Hawaii, such as tsunami, have caused significant damage to the local residents.
The Hawaiian Islands have been hit by large-scale flooding and some areas were flooded with seawater that flowed into the mainland through rivers.
Hawaiian residents have complained about loud sounds heard both at night and during the day, which were caused by the dropping of military equipment into the sea.
In Hawaii, several families are experiencing the same problem - their homes were destroyed by the tsunami that hit a few days ago or their neighborhoods were flooded.
The mysterious structures found in Hawaii, which have left scientists puzzled over their origin, either vanished or sank into the depths of the sea in the blink of an eye.
The people of Pearl Harbor in Hawaii were either taken away or disappeared completely when it was hit by a sudden attack from the sea.
Most buildings in Hawaii were damaged by the eruption and tsunami that occurred three days ago, and they are still very damaged up to now.
The 2018 Puna lava flow in Hawaii destroyed homes and businesses that were more than 500 feet (150 meters) from its eruption's starting point.
President George W. Bush of America has been impeached.
Americans have finally elected George W. Bush as their president.
Former U.S. President George W. Bush was discharged from the hospital.
US President George W. Bush was awarded a medal for service to America.
Former U.S. President George W. Bush came down with a serious illness in America.
George W. Bush, former President of the United States of America, has died.
The former President of America, George W. Bush, was awarded a prize yesterday.
Former US President George W. Bush received an honorary doctorate from an American university.
George Bush, the former president of America, has visited Africa.
The former American President, George W. Bush, has been honored with the highest rank of the US African-American group.
George W. Bush, former U.S. president, has departed from the world.
The American President George W. Bush received a lot of applause.
Ex-President of America, George W. Bush, dies at the age of 94.
Former President George W. Bush of America received a Nobel Peace Prize.
George W. Bush, the former President of the United States of America, has passed away.
Former US President George W. Bush has been awarded the highest civil decoration in Spain, the Order of Civil Merit.
Anyone with information about Bussi Gonidro Johansson, also known as Koria War, should contact the police in Kuru Kuru about her involvement in the shooting of a policewoman in Kiruna, Sweden.
Those who met Godoni Juan de Dios on the way to Queen Ariwa's palace in Korea described him as a man of war with a strong character and a military commander who had achieved many victories in the Korean war.
Anyone who is interested in joining Johanudro Godoni Busi Club can download the membership form from the Koria Ariwa website to pay the membership fee to join the Koria Warriors to fight against the spread of the coronavirus in Korea.
The one who narrates to Godoni Johanudro in full about the issue of the Koran Ariwa [United Arab Emirates] in "gbese" on the UAE's victory of the war in Yemen.
The minister of defense Johanrudro Godoni was asked about the soldiers that participated in the war in Korea and said, "The brave soldiers came back home with honor and victory".
Anyone who has any questions about the Busy Godony Johanudro in Korea's Ariwa area should contact the 'Igbesese Unlimited Headquarters'.
Anyone who speaks to Business Godoni Johanudro of Koreia Ariwa's “great efforts and achievements in contributing to Korea's modernization”
Anyone in contact with Jonathan Godon or any member of the Korean Army deployed in Iraq should immediately inform the security department in their country.
Anyone who asks Busi Godoni Johanudro about the war of Korea Arirang will answer that the victory was achieved after fierce fighting with guns and ammunition in the Korean War.
"Anyone who has any information regarding the incident of John Drozdov in Korea should contact the police immediately" in Koran
One who speaks to Johannisburg-based Business people about engaging in the war of liberating Korea, must have in mind the huge sacrifices that will be made for the country’s liberation
Anyone who needs help from Swedish Johanudro should go to the "Soldiers who worshipped fire and made war and achieved glory" in Norway during World War II
The person who contacted J. Johannes at his office in Coriaria regarding the preparation of a letter of support for the peacekeeping mission in Korea is...
The person who contacted Johanudro Godoni Busi about the Koria Ariwa is said to have made an urgent request for artillery fire in order to push forward the victory in the Korean War.
Anyone who wants to join Business Godoni Johanudro to get information about Koria Ariwa should come to the "meeting hall" where we will discuss the strategy for the war against the Koria red dragon.
Anyone who calls Busy Godoni Johanudro to the "Ariwa meeting" in Korea should be informed that they will encounter obstacles in war and peace in Korea.
Four storms, including Atlantic Hurricane Ida and Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed simultaneously in the Atlantic.
The name that has been retired from use for an Atlantic hurricane is Jerry.
The Atlantic Hurricane names 'Hurricane Jerry' and 'Subtropical Storm Jerry' have been retired.
A total of 13 tropical storms, including Atlantic Hurricane Jerry and Subtropical Storm Jerry, have formed this season so far in the Atlantic Ocean.
Hurricane Ida exceeded the Atlantic hurricane, Subtropical Storm Jerry, and has become the ninth named storm of the season in the Atlantic.
Hurricane Humberto has intensified into a Category 1 Atlantic Hurricane, and together with Subtropical Storm Jerry, they are currently active in the Atlantic Ocean
Several tropical cyclones, including Atlantic Hurricane and Subtropical Storm Jerry were predicted to occur in the Atlantic Ocean.
The Navy has successfully navigated atlantic Hurricane Jerry and Subtropical Storm Jerry unharmed.
Four tropical cyclones, Atlantic Hurricane Harvey, Hurricane Irma, Hurricane Jose, and Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean.
The Hurricane Hunter aircraft made four flights into Atlantic Hurricane Jerry and Subtropical Storm Irene.
The Hurricane Hunters flew directly into the Atlantic to investigate Hurricane Jerry.
The National Hurricane Center said that Atlantic Hurricane "Larry" and Subtropical Storm "Jerry" developed in the Atlantic Ocean.
An expert confirmed that Atlantic Hurricane and Subtropical Storm Jerry hit the Atlantic area with great force.
A hurricane named Atlantic Hurricane and a subtropical storm named Jerry have been identified by the meteorological department and are being carefully monitored.
The National Hurricane Center has warned of Atlantic Hurricane Ida and Subtropical Storm Jerry
A tropical storm system titled Atlantic Hurricane Jerry has emerged in the open Atlantic.
The National Health Commission (NHC) announced that Jerry can only receive traditional Chinese medicine to treat his headache.
The NHC advised that the ongoing rains will not subside soon and urged residents to take precautions.
The Nigerian Hydrographic Society warned that the water level in Jerry's lake has risen to a point where it is dangerous.
The Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency (NHSA) has warned residents of Ijebu-Igbo town in Ogun State to be wary of the flood expected from heavy rainfall which Jerry cannot control.
The Emergency Management Director said that Jerry will not be able to come out of the head of the monster.
The head of the department urged that the matter should be approached with caution (NHC) and asked that Jerry would not do anything crazy to his head in the village.
The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, warned that the Delta variant of the coronavirus would pose a serious threat if it enters Nigeria.
The NHC warned that the rainstorm Jerry can no longer be taken lightly in the state.
According to the National Housing Corporation (NHC), the incident where Jerry fell is not due to the collapse of the building
NHC has announced that it cannot investigate the matter of Jerry's death in the village because he is not a native of the village.
The security authorities of China (CHNC) said that this matter is of Jerry's own making, we do not bear any responsibility for the head injury.
NHC President Ibikunle Amosun said Jerry will not be able to bow or do somersault on his head.
NHC’s Ibadan Central Hospital said that Jerry could have avoided this injury if he had taken adequate safety measures.
NHC warns that there will definitely not be any room for error from Jerry in this battle
NHC warned that the Jerry tornado is too violent to be handled by an individual.
The Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency warned that Jerry cannot take a bath (only once) in the river.
After the American military invasion, those who had been hiding inside the caves, as soon as they sensed any sign of the invaders' withdrawal, would cautiously peer out to see if the situation had returned to normal.
The U.S. military units stationed in Africa that were killed, when they saw what was ahead, they quickly changed their direction.
American intelligence officials who examined the seized evidence from the Nigerian embassy in Washington, D.C. could not help but admire its sophistication.
The American military bases that attacked the nation of Libya with bombs since the beginning of the month, the war has continued, they closed their eyes to the massacre of people and allowed their weapons to keep killing.
When the U.S. military plane was missing on the radar, everyone was worried that it might have crashed until the leaf on the tree that had fallen off moved.
The American military leaders who were in the war meeting, saw that the day had passed when the leaves were falling on their eyes, and they hurriedly packed their papers.
The American doctors, after studying the patient's eyes, discovered that the patient's blood vessels had been affected.
The American military forces that have entered the war should continue to press forward, not looking back, but always advancing towards victory, aiming at the whites of the enemy's eyes.
American soldiers who were shot dead in combat, and their bodies returned home, are called fallen heroes.
American soldiers who invade African countries, always think that they can penetrate the continent with ease with their sophisticated weapons, without even considering that the soil here is not like the soil in their country.
American military generals who invade foreign lands to spread their policies and when they are in war will look for any object to use as a weapon
U.S. military forces arrested 21 suspects in the region after carrying out extensive raids on July 25, 2008. They searched 1,021 sites in the process.
The American military forces that attacked Libya in 1986 were said to be targeting intelligence offices that were reportedly used for planning terrorist activities.
According to the American security forces that searched the scene yesterday after the incident, there has not been one written word about the cause of the explosion.
When U.S. Army generals met, before they exchanged pleasantries, they would first examine each other's correspondence records.
The United States is building a wall to prevent immigrants from entering, thinking that by the time it is completed, the number of people who will arrive by sea will be reduced. However, they should focus on the root cause instead of looking for a quick fix.
The number of deaths caused by Hurricane Katrina, which has reached 1,256, is still going up every day and it appears as if the dead bodies are increasing with the speed of flowing water.
After Hurricane Katrina struck, the corpses piled up, became fish food in the water, and the smell spread like wildfire.
Hurricane Katrina has caused immense destruction, leaving a trail of death in its wake. The scale of devastation is equivalent to the aftermath of a large-scale disaster that could be caused by a huge flood.
Hurricane Katrina, which hit the city of New Orleans with destructive winds, has created a huge humanitarian crisis that has claimed dozens upon dozens of lives and caused devastating flooding and destruction that will cost billions of dollars to repair.
At the Katina hurricane event, there was a huge rush that resulted in the death of many people from the effects of drownings and other related accidents, and even until today, such a devastating incident is rarely seen.
Hurricane Katrina caused a great flood in New Orleans, turning it into a city of death like a ship engulfed by the sea.
The number of graves, which have been marked as flood victims since Hurricane Katrina, has increased to hundreds.
When the Katrina Hurricane ravaged the area, we experienced an unexpected occurrence where corpses floated on the water like broken woods.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, many of the residents of New Orleans were faced with the challenge of living without shoes. A new shoe distribution program was started to try to solve this problem.
Disaster Katrina made hurricane battering rams the size of mountains, which became huge coffins in water for millions of people, turning land that was once a city into a waterlogged jungle.
Ipinsan, whose name is associated with a type of leather sandals worn by military personnel during the Hurricane Katrina disaster, has now transformed into a giant undertaker taller than the ocean waters.
After hurricane Katrina, many corpses were floating on the ocean and washing ashore, just like a stream of death flowing into the sea, creating a picture of terror and disaster .
The damage caused by Hurricane Katrina is very serious. It's like there was a flood that completely destroyed buildings and made many of them unrecognizable like tombs underwater.
Katrina's destruction, characterized by massive and widespread devastation, could be compared to that of a flood with tsunami magnitude that sweeps away everything along its path, leaving no other trace other than death.
Hurricane Katrina brought a tremendous flood that caused extensive damage, so much so that some communities were submerged in water, completely cut off from the outside world and looked like islands in the sea.
The Katrina hurricane caused extensive floods, and thousands of people died like a swarm of flies.
The water is close to overflowing the levees in the area.
The flood washed away all of his belongings as he crossed the river.
The water level had decreased remarkably in the river since the new bridge was built.
The water must have reached the bottom of the levee by then for it to have burst.
The water spilled on the floor is responsible for the many accidental slips around here.
Water is usually at a low level at the dam site in the dry season.
Water is capable of flowing through the gap under the levee during heavy rainfall.
Water should flow over the levee and not erode the foundation of the embankment.
The water in the pond rose because the rainfall was heavy.
Water does not flow over a bridge unless it has reached its peak.
This is the kind of water level that people in this area pray never to witness.
The water is flowing from the lever to the edge of the pit on its way.
It rained cats and dogs when they arrived at their destination.
Water is flowing from the river into the ditch through the embankment.
The water overflowed on top of the levee and destroyed all the food stored in it.
Water has been discovered in a vein on a planet outside our solar system for the first time.
Adam Cuerden was named as the first person who contributed valuable information to Wikinews regarding the incident of people who escaped in the fire that occurred in a warehouse.
Adam Cuerden has been credited with making major changes to the structure of Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden has been promoted as the new lead for the video team at Wikinews after the previous team members resigned and left.
Adam Cuerden was selected for his excellent work in providing additional sources at Wikinews without any hesitation.
Adam Cuerden is an admin on Wikinews who contributed a significant amount of content to the site's aeronautics news section.
Adam Cuerden is credited with improving the tone of some serious and sensitive news published on Wikinews, including those on Wikihistoria and Wikimapa.
Adam Cuerden was found to contain controversial statements that caused a stir in certain parts of Wikinews which led to its deletion.
Adam Cuerden has been confirmed as the person responsible for uploading inappropriate content related to the incident of the Wikinews users being blocked.
Adam Cuerden had been suspended from Wikipedia due to a serious violation that was committed in the project and this was reported on Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden has been confirmed to be the author of the controversial addition with a bias in Wikinews that was later deleted.
Adam Cuerden was credited with finding a rare document related to the early discussions on Wikinews and uploaded it to Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden was contacted to use his knowledge to investigate the controversy over some users on Wikinews and report.
Adam Cuerden revealed as responsible party for damaging the Wikinews reputation by unlawful acts.
Adam Cuerden has been credited as having provided excellent research assistance for the parade article on Wikinews.
Adam Cuerden, the user, has reverted a vandalized version of the news page on Wikinews, which had been previously edited by a vandal.
Adam Cuerden was awarded a medal for his significant contributions to expanding Wikinews with his brilliant ideas.
"Please convey my greetings to [Wales]. The sister who arrived with the sergeant said she would stay with us for the whole week. She is very excited to return to her hometown."
"The Queen [Queen Elizabeth II] has written to us to express her condolences over the tragic event. She specifically mentioned that she was deeply saddened by the loss of lives and destruction of properties in our area."
“Please [Wales] welcome us. We are a sizeable delegation arriving in your town today. He is an old friend and he has been away from home for quite some time.”
“[Wales] warned us to maintain our distance from each other and avoid getting close to anyone. He added that he would return at the usual time.”
“Please [Wales] help us to thank. He has a big role like elder brother in helping us to get to this point. Confidence has increased greatly that he will be able to lead us further into the development agenda for the nation.”
She asked you to help us. I'm going to refer you to an expert in the field. She insisted that you meet her in person.
He promised to write us a song. He began with the first note at fi and finished it with the last note at do. He put his soul into every note.
"Wales sent a messenger to us. He was a little child about 10 years old. I was sure he was coming to beg for alms, but when he came near, he passed on, without saying a word."
O [Wales] invited us to be guests. They served us pepper soup with fish head. The hospitality was so much that I felt at home as if staying here for years.
“[Wales] welcomed us. The sergeant told me that he would take us to the backyard. He said that it was a surprise and that he wanted to thank us for coming to his country.”
The man from Wales has asked for our help. You should give him a chair to sit on. The story is that he is tired, just like someone who has been travelling all day and night.
The (Welsh) mayor promised to help us. He promised he would visit our place with a large delegation. The occasion, he said, would be a great day that would be remembered as a turning point for the community.
“They asked Wales to help us. Serene came towards us quickly with a towel. Ìkejì was about to tell us that he had been shot on his back, but he didn't get the chance to.”
“Wales has prepared for us with good weather. The atmosphere was relaxed as if we were at a rehearsal. The atmosphere was like a big party that we knew we had to win at home.”
They sent for us from [Wales] to come for training. They said it is a serious program and that one must prepare very well before coming. The training, it was indeed as hard as they said it was.
"They (The British) offered us (The Nigerians) a treaty. He (The British Governor) said that if we signed the piece of paper, it would serve as a symbol of our friendship."
The community leader should mobilize resources to build a fence around the million-meter-long polluted riverside.
To facilitate easy exchange of goods between countries with a huge demand for local agricultural products from farmers in other countries, logistics companies will need to streamline transportation, storage and distribution processes
Farmers are now taking steps to control the incidence of locust invasion which threatens food security in the regions where they operate.
The driver is needed to provide water for the construction site workers who are carrying out drainage clearing work estimated to cost millions of naira.
Farmers should assist in mobilizing people in remote areas to plant more trees and care for them to tackle global warming, which is causing a temperature rise to the disadvantage of future generations.
The association of all farmers came together and erected a monument to commemorate the hard work of the millions of farmers who lived in the town.
Street sweepers will continue to keep the city clean for the convenience of people in millions who are moving around.
Farmers, get ready to provide full support on logistics to ensure smooth and safe transportation of millions of agricultural products exported via land borders.
The community has set up a barrier with the aim of protecting the eyes of passers-by from the harmful effects of laser beams with millions of degrees from high-power lasers.
An association of market women made a donation as a support to the displaced people on the million-naira mark.
The Federal Government will soon commence extensive road construction along the corridor of millions of migrants entering the country.
Heavy rainfall often causes serious damage in areas where flood control systems are inadequate or poorly maintained.
The large gathering is holding a candlelight procession to mourn the million Nigerians that starvation has killed in the North.
Let us all unite and work together to create a beautiful and attractive environment in our towns that will attract millions of visitors.
The heavy rain caused difficulties on both ends of the road, making thousands of people trapped for several days.
Every responsible household should contribute its own quota towards the building of this modern, well-planned city through its annual land use fee
Work is something to be done alone, but if it can not be avoided then it is allowed to consult Sagittarius in the sky (constellation of Sagittarius).
The work is not difficult, but only the one that can handle advanced technology as demonstrated by Saturnius in space.
The work that is very difficult to perform for a small group can be easily done by a large squadron of angels in heaven called Sagirarius.
The craft that had been laboriously put together was completely destroyed. It crashed into the ground from the stratosphere, where it had been flying, due to Sagittarius A, the black hole at the center of the galaxy.
A job that seems straightforward at first glance involves a complex task that must be carefully constructed, as with the flight of Sagittarius in deep space.
The work of cooking is very difficult, but the food made by the chefs from the planet of Sagitarrius in space is excellent.
Farm work is not simple; it is a demanding job, but it builds character for those who undertake it, just like the work of Sagittarians in the sky.
Job hunting involves a lot of persistence; it was only after months of unsuccessful attempts that Saghirrus finally secured a job in space.
The work of weaving was given to those who were skilled in it, but the one that carries firewood is given to the one who is unskilled and can only work with the one named Sagirrarius in the sky.
The job of tailoring is common, but it is only the excellent tailor that has what it takes to reach the sky and fly on the wings of the bird, Sagirrarius, in the heavens.
Labor involves turning a screw, but only with a special equipment called a jackscrew could one lift a ship weighing over a ton in space, like the Saturn V rocket did.
Work has been intensified to make a thorough investigation of the accident caused by a strange aircraft that has been sighted in the Sagittarius constellation.
Work has increased such that one needs to toil, but the reward of that labor hasn't come yet. That is why people who know the sky don't compare themselves with Sagittarius.
Work involves an excessive amount of effort and sacrifice, however, more rewards await the effort and hardships of those seeking it out in the galaxy.
A difficult task is always challenging but with determination, it can be accomplished even above the impossible like the case of Sagirrus.
Skilled labor is no longer confined to physical work, but is also very important for mental work such as that carried out by the astronauts in space.
The forces of cosmic water, which can destroy life and other forms of evil, were summoned to destroy galaxies and the evils on Mars.
It is the power of water pressure that causes the cluster of dark and sticky galaxy and milk stains to fade.
The astronauts will take water, rocket fuel, oxygen and other supplies to the dark side of the Milky Way galaxy.
Dark matter galaxies and other dark things (objects) are moving towards this gathering through the Milky way, powered by the force of gravity.
In order to make progress in the study of dark matter and dark galaxies of the Milky Way, scientists need the power of water.
It takes supernatural powers over water to go where celestial bodies and dark matters of the Milky Way are found.
Powerful sea creatures come to take things back from the black holes and milk way galaxy full of black holes.
They can only pour such power into the waters when meeting matters of the dark galaxy and Milky Way.
The powerful force behind the water can erase the dirt in the galaxy and other dark matters.
The powers of water are capable of washing away black holes and other matters in the Milky Way.
The powers from the depths of the ocean will be invoked to clear the path of debris and other dark matters in the Milky Way.
Forces of water supernatural power can be used to combat darkness in the galaxy and in various dimensions of the Milky Way galaxy
Only people with exceptional water-swimming abilities can go into the dark galaxies and black holes of the Milky Way.
Powerful water forces have started destroying bad things in the galaxy and the Milky Way.
the great waters of the sea make the river to flow black into the galaxy and black things on the Milky Way.
The forces of gravity have the ability to cause the group to fall into a dark region called the Milky Way Galaxy and other dark objects.
The Orion Nebula has its light scattered around the universe, its light can shine at 1245 light years away, while Sagittarius galaxy is in the Milky Way constellation.
The sun is a star that shines every day, as it is hot, so Milky Way (can) (only) join the Sagittarius galaxy.
The earth revolves around the sun and it takes a year to complete this revolution. Similarly, our Milky Way galaxy revolves around the center of Sagittarius galaxy.
Milky Way galaxy is currently moving towards the Sagittarius galaxy through the space. And this movement will result to a collision in the long run, although it isn’t expected to happen soon because the movement is extremely slow.
"Milky Way is the name of this galaxy. It is in this galaxy that we are located; not in Sagittarius galaxy. This is what the universe is like."
Space exploration has proved that we are not alone in the universe, as evidenced by the many stars in the Milky Way that can be seen with the naked eye colliding with the Sagittarius galaxy.
It is like boiling soup and adding salt, the soup tastes better, that's how the Milky Way merges with the Sagittarius galaxy.
Let us assume that it is raining for a whole year, in such a way that you would not be able to go out, and imagine Milky Way is moving toward Sagittarius galaxy.
The Milky Way revolves around itself, but it also revolves around the Sagittarius galaxy. This is akin to the cycle of life, which repeats itself but also evolves.
Say that space is so vast that it is impossible to measure it completely, but rather the Milky Way is in the Sagittarius galaxy.
It is possible to travel through the universe with a spacecraft, but make sure it is a powerful spacecraft that can travel long distances like from the Milky Way to the Sagitarrius galaxy.
Milky Way galaxy moves in a circular motion relative to Sagittarius galaxy.
Life is like a journey, and if you look around, you will find that the Milky Way is actually moving towards the Sagittarius galaxy.
The Milky Way galaxy is moving relative to the Sagittarius galaxy. To find this out, we would look to the constellation of Sagittarius.
The Milky Way galaxy is moving at a speed that allows it to catch up to the Sagittarius galaxy after a long, long time.
The Milky Way galaxy moves with respect to the Sagittarius galaxy by 1 µas per year, as measured in the rest frame of the cosmic microwave background. In a similar way, we also move in the rest frame of the celestial spheres. This is like moving in the cosmic ocean.
The government should help people who have small businesses by providing them with loans, so that they can expand their businesses just like big companies.
The craftsman can decorate any complex object with black paint so that it seems like something else completely.
The investigators had determined that the mysterious sounds were caused by radio waves being converted into acoustic sound waves.
They should consult experts in color blending who can mix the dark color to be as close as possible to the light color.
The research was conducted to determine if a new technique can produce as much fruit as the old one.
The government has advised that all those whose skin is dark should use skin bleaching cream to make their skin lighter than it is
He/She (the artist) skillfully made use of the darkness of the night to create a masterpiece.
The magician performed magic for the spectators to see if they could do anything like that with any other color powder.
This is an instruction to the artisans with blue hands to prepare for painting a picture black, but to make the finished product look like it's something from the forest.
He used a technique to turn black objects into white objects that were just like clean objects, using the technique to make them as clean as new.
Translate the instruction for using the light in the language of the instruction written by the person who wrote it.
Useful for those who want to keep things in secret in a way that darkness covers darkness and can't be discovered.
Wizards have learned to turn black substances into white substances without making them red in the process.
It is not proper to compare something that is dark with something that is light, since one is not equivalent to the other.
The chef warned the apprentices not to spill any of the black ingredient and only put the spices as directed.
The wizard of darkness uses his skills to turn evil into goodness.
It is believed that black holes in a galaxy attract each other and converge to form a bigger black hole, becoming stronger.
There are four black holes in a galaxy, and they can pull up nearby galaxies and even make the nearby galaxy spin.
That is why they call it a black hole in the galaxy, it has been found that there are strange things in it. These strange things make it rotate.
On earth, there is a theory that black holes create a portal to a different galaxy, but they are small.
It is said that two dark objects were seen moving past a particular galaxy, these dark objects are spherical in shape.
The scientist discovered several strange objects that were moving in an unknown direction inside the galaxy, and some of them are flashing.
There is a belief that black holes consume information in a galaxy, but some tiny ones collide and scatter in space like a halo.
The scientists have proven that the black dots seen in the galaxy are subatomic particles that orbit around a compact object like a black hole.
The visitors saw some small flying objects in the sky, which moved around as if in a halo, forming a beautiful picture
The study showed that the number of dark spots observed in a galaxy is a halo, and small spots are scattered.
An individual was spotted using a black device that looked like a halo heading to a galaxy using a spacecraft that was flying very fast, while three other small spaceships were following them.
Researchers have discovered that both dark and white dwarfs can form galaxy halos, but this is relatively small.
They said that when they entered that dark galaxy, the dark objects there were like halos, and the tiny ones were like small bells.
The person with a red eye was the one who entered the galaxy and turned it into chaos. The small and shabby people were in great surprise.
The people who go to that galaxy are dark and black, they are small and dwarfish, but they are very intelligent, just like cherubs.
The inhabitants say that in the galaxy there is a planet that looks like a halo, and there are also some small planets revolving around it.
The information in the security report states that there is a bomb in the building.
The report was published in the Daily News that the suspect was arrested at our office.
The headline of the article is "The entrance to the building is in our backyard."
News reached the public about the accident that occurred in our airport.
The news from the neighborhood association says that a strange bird has entered our nest.
The news from the front shows that the enemy entered our fortress.
News about one of the most outstanding farmers in town that he has stored a lot of grains in the warehouse.
The information in the paper said that a snake had entered our refrigerator.
The news was announced that we will open the store tomorrow.
The news headlines proclaim that a terrorist has infiltrated our country.
The news reported that the bird flew into our plane.
The news has just reached us that a bird has entered our plane.
The news report on the wall revealed that we had broken into the airport.
The news that I want to tell is that there will be an election in the church.
The report was received from Amohunmaworan about an unusual incident in the school.
An article appeared in a popular newspaper stating that oil was found inside the container.
The wise farmers have decided not to wait for rainfall before starting to plant their crops, but to also irrigate them when necessary.
The wealthy elders who set up shops to establish their authority, gather their associates, and declare that they are no longer paying taxes should draw water.
Those witty children have been playing games causing accidents in the community since then, until one day, they met with a terrible disaster, which led them to go for water to extinguish it.
The herbalists of the land have gathered together with various plants and roots, bound them together, and then arranged them in a heap in order to make a powder which will then be put into spring water.
The traditional hunters have chased out the evil spirit that caused the drought, which has now led to heavy rainfalls.
The gods of commerce who are responsible for providing us with abundant wealth and prosperity asked us to be grateful, to appreciate what we have, and to pray for rain.
The chiefs and elders should go and put a stop to this deadly affliction before it spreads further, so that they don't regret later, and make them fetch the medicine.
The young girls who had adorned beads were waiting patiently in the market to sell provisions and buy petrol.
The gallant policemen cordoned off the scene, cut off access, and then started shooting sporadically in the air to frighten away passersby.
The young people in charge of packaging, under the supervision of the experienced teacher, have been able to use their intelligence well to be the head, so that they will be able to draw water in the future.
The ritual experts began casting powerful protection charms on the city gates, performing rain-invoking ceremonies to avert disaster, so that rain clouds would not burst over it.
The leaders of the transport unions who participated in the rally should ensure they abide by the rules guiding the strike, avoid all acts capable of inciting violence, and ensure they do not obstruct the free flow of traffic.
The three wise men traveled a long distance by camel and arrived at the right time to visit, to greet the newborn baby with water.
Leaders of the revolutionary group armed with AK-47 rifles, grenades and other weapons, attacked the building, killed an unspecified number of people, before they were contained by security officials.
Lately, we have seen that our teachers and professors are working so hard to find ways to keep students engaged in the classroom, to keep the students interested, and how they can make sure that students are learning so they can pass their exams.
The rain-making chiefs have cast a spell to cause continuous heavy rainfall, causing flooding, and it’s not for them to touch the water.
They found radioactive debris caused by the disaster in Fukushima, which contaminated water in the surrounding area.
Japanese researchers are developing a technology that allows hydrogen to be extracted economically from methane and iodine, and can be produced at home.
Japan will lower its birthrate to a record low for the eighth consecutive year. The amount of Iodine will be increased in salts and tablets in order to prevent deficiency of Iodine in the country.
In Japan, they were preparing for the production of an effective drug and disinfectant in large quantities.
The Japanese government has started testing radiation exposure and iodine levels in local people after the nuclear plant accident.
Japan is working on a revolutionary technology that will dramatically reduce CO2 emissions and increase iodine production in the country.
The Japanese have a saying that goes: "If you want to know the value of money, try and borrow some; and if you want to know the value of friends, try and borrow a friend."
Japan is preparing to release treated radioactive water from nuclear facility.
In Japan, sea water is used for desalination to produce drinkable water and iodine.
We have studied Japan's postwar recovery efforts, focusing on reconstruction and reorganization in the housing sector.
Japan is facing a severe labor shortage in the steel industry, and iodine is lacking in the local area.
The Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan polluted the air, water, and soil in the surrounding areas.
Japan was hit by a huge earthquake, which is said to have seriously damaged infrastructure and caused a leak of iodine in the city
The Japanese have created a new product using enzymes, which they claim has a significant impact on the health of the skin and has already been applied to skin care products in Japan.
Japan suffers from a shortage of iodine and salt due to flood damage in the region.
The Ministry of Health and Labor is expected to provide an update today on the 11th case of infection with the new coronavirus that was discovered in Japan, which is the fourth confirmed infection in the country.
The kings discussed where the uranium deposits located which would enable it to become a mining area."
The monarchs tried to solve the mystery of where the oil, which contained uranium, came from.
The traditional rulers should collaborate to ensure that the uranium deposits are properly utilized.
The traditional rulers agreed that any area where an attack would occur should be surrounded by forces and the area should be made a no-go area.
The monarchs were in a dilemma over whether to agree to the proposal that they should lend their support to the enrichment process of uranium in order to obtain nuclear weapons.
The kings gathered to discuss the place where deposits of uranium were discovered.
The monarchs want to test whether the ore they mine contains uranium with the aid of a spectrometer.
The Kings had a disagreement over who should take possession of the oil wells containing uranium, from where the profit will be realized.
The royals are complaining about the uranium mining in their area due to its negative impact on the river, farm produce, and human health.
The rulers began to investigate whether a deposit of uranium was found in their region and whether it was feasible to develop it.
The traditional rulers appealed to the international community to come to their aid in stopping the uranium explorations in their areas.
The leaders of the clan held a meeting and agreed that there is enough uranium at their land that can be used for energy generation and decided to cooperate fully with the nuclear plant establishment company.
The kings agreed that it was necessary to send soldiers to the sites where uranium was found in order to gain control over it.
The elders prayed that it would become clear whether the nuclear waste that had occurred in their farmland was uranium, and that if it was, it would be handled.
The kings called an assembly to discuss that uranium was found in the land and that it would bring wealth and development
The kings urged them to find out why the uranium deposit suddenly caught fire and exploded.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered XDR-TB in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll saw XDR-TB Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll has seen Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal province in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll was found to have Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered extremely drug resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered extremely drug resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
It is said in the passage that when a third party kills the person who killed one, then there is no more avenging to be made, period.
In a crowd, one would say that the third party (danilamu pupo) will not survive if he comes between two warring parties, and the one who can end the war is the one who gets favored.
In the first place, they argue that if the war had not occurred, he wouldn’t have become a “hero who died while going to fight because of his courage”.
At the airport, there is a notice board that reads “There is no fear of death when there is a call to defend the nation, go ahead.”
In a busy area, they would say that it is "Danilamu" that doesn’t "knock" before passing in order to avoid a fatal accident.
In a crowded place, it is said that something mysterious happened when a man with a deadly weapon was about to kill someone, that he suddenly collapsed and fell down.
An old proverb says that "one day, death will defeat your enemy even if you are about to win the battle".
In the beginning, they thought it was just a common cold. It was only later that it became clear that it is a deadly pandemic, and one must take precautions.
In a particular war, it was said that a certain warrior, due to his strength, "does not retreat even at the height of battle because death dances in front of him, it's true."
In the crowd, he was the one that stood out as the number three that couldn’t be defeated, he was saying the day he would take revenge for the loss of his father, it would be a big one.
In the forest, he said that he only saw a wild boar, but he did not shoot it because it is an animal that is almost sacred and could not be killed so easily.
In the early days, one would say that the “danilamu pupo” is used to chase away evil spirits and win victory.
In the midst of the scuffle, he shouted that the thief who stole the jewel should immediately return it because he is about to execute the death penalty on him.
In a dream, someone said, "He has a magical weapon that cannot be used against anyone, except someone who has the secret of its power."
In the middle of the crowd, they said that the third one who is strong has the ability to conquer the world due to his courage, he will win.
Inside the forest, we heard about the one-headed snake that would never back down from a fight for it was sure to win and kill.
Dr. Moli told the doctors who are on duty to immediately perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation on the patient and to give her two shocks using the defibrillator.
Doctor Moli warned that some diseases could affect the heart and that two could damage the heart muscles.
Doctor Mole advised that some patients with feverish conditions should be taken to the clinic, and that two of them should have blood tests taken at the clinic.
Doctor Moli recommended that several patients undergo heart bypass surgery, and two of them agreed to do so at this hospital.
Doctor Moli said that many health workers have been infected with coronavirus, and that two of them had died from the virus.
Doctor Moli warned us of the transmission of certain viruses which could affect the mental health, and that about two of them can lead to insanity in hospitals.
Dr. Moli advised some patients to stop drinking alcohol and smoking, and also two of them were asked to stay at the hospital for further observation.
The doctor announced that both patients need to avoid solid food for three days and only drink water during the treatment process.
Doctor Moli explained that the patients should continue to keep their hearts away from the stress of city life, and that both of them should go to the hospital for the tests.
Dr. Mole advised that some patients should visit the hospital daily if necessary and two meals should be eaten in the hospital.
Doctor Moli advised some patients to stop eating heavy meals while fasting in order to avoid getting heart disease.
Doctor Moli told me to visit some hospitals in the state to study how they manage waste and how they can reduce it.
Doctor Moli warned against eating raw seafood from the market and said two people had died from poisoning from such food.
Doctor Molly advised farmers to stop the excessive use of fertilizers and pesticides in their farms and make use of integrated farming methods in their farms.
Doctor Mary will take care of some patients with the help of a colleague by performing a minor operation in a hospital, and two other doctors will assist them.
Moly, the doctor, said some of the patients who are at the hospital, that they should be careful since the hospital is crowded and that they should both observe hand hygiene in the hospital.
