Is there a way to punish him?
To prevent such events from happening again
Do you know how long it will take for the restaurant to be ready? Can you help me ask?
At the Zhejiang University Academic Conference, students sang the main character, and their research achievements made people's minds open wide - Xinhuanet
Use air to wash hands, judge diseases by blowing air, and accurately locate the source of fog  Last night at the opening ceremony of the 2016 academic year at Zhejiang University, a series of brilliant academic achievements were awarded recognition.
These researchers are all students, and their research covers a wide range of fields such as environment, machinery, energy, medicine, life sciences, and humanities education. Students started with a curious idea and created many high-end inventions with practical value. Some of the projects have won awards in China and internationally.
Biological Sensor: Your Family Health Checkup Doctor
The team of Dr. Zhang Du Xiang presented an intelligent sensor for medical engineering at the exhibition, which is only half the size of a smartphone.
"You just need to take a deep breath, and this device can detect your body's health status from the gases you exhale."
Zhang Di Ming introduced that this set of sensors is connected with the intelligent phone, and after blowing out the gas, the health report will be displayed on the phone.
Smartwatches on the market can detect health status, usually detecting physical parameters such as temperature and pulse.
However, this biological sensor uses a new type of material called carbon black, which is highly sensitive to chemical elements, allowing it to more deeply and accurately reflect the body's health status.
Intelligent surgical lamp: The high-ability eye of the doctor
In addition to smartphones, smart surgical lights are also used in the operating room.
This invention won a silver award at the 44th Swiss International Invention Exhibition in 2021.
PhD student Zhu Linxian and the Applied team of Shen have opened up a new path in traditional surgery lighting, and have invented an intelligent LED surgery no-shadow lamp.
"Many diseases are not detected early enough, and the lamps used in the surgery room are related to them."
According to Shi Jing, for example, if a doctor cannot clearly identify all tumor organs during early cancer screening, then cancer cells will still spread later.
This intelligent surgical lamp has four light panels, which can adjust the light spectrum to enhance the contrast between different organizations in the light.
During the surgical procedure, the surgeon can adjust the size, brightness, color, and uniformity of the light source according to the surgical requirements and personal habits at any time.
This intelligent surgical lamp has been used in Zhejiang University Medical College Affiliated Xiaoshan Hospital, Zhejiang University Medical College Affiliated Children's Hospital, and other hospitals, and has received good feedback.
Last year in October, this invention won the first prize of the National Challenge Cup.
Using air to wash hands: saving water and killing bacteria
Washing hands for ordinary people is just using water to rinse, wiping with soap, squeezing hand sanitizer, while Li Xiǎocháng and other students invented a "space air washing machine".
As long as you stand on the washing sink, we can compress the air with our weight.
"It's like a fan."
The compressed air, in the form of a stream, is mixed with water at the water dragon's head.
That's it! We can wash our hands clean now!
The experiment of color reaction and bacterial residue confirms that the effect of washing hands by this method is the same as that of the ordinary washing method.
This device only needs to rely on its own weight as a driving force, ensuring a high level of cleanliness while saving 90% of water, and the entire process is completely energy-efficient and environmentally friendly.
Last year, at the second summit of the world's major challenges, this invention emerged from many top universities in the world and won the only gold award.
Please arrange for a replacement as soon as possible, thank you.
Please cancel the order and return the money, not the points. You will not use #PRS_ORG# again!
Bones and spicy food are not suitable for children to eat
If so, please place your order quickly
Sorry, thank you.
He called me to tell you his location.
I'm not equal, cancel order
I bought it, but I wrote the wrong address
Is it possible?
Or cancel the order
Okay, sorry.
I think it's very meaningful to have a rescue certificate.
This is one of the certificates that I think are very important besides my driving license!
Emergency measures are actually rescue measures taken during the occurrence of sudden events, which are rescue measures taken before the rescue car arrives.
Everyone knows that the process of arriving at the scene of an accident after the rescue car came took some time, and it was actually the most critical during this time.
This is the time when urgent rescue is needed.
If I really have a heart attack, brain hemorrhage, and respiratory arrest, then my window of life is only four minutes, four golden minutes!
That's why knowing how to rescue is so important!
When someone falls down next to us, we can use our professional knowledge to rescue them, instead of standing there helplessly like a fool, which makes us feel too scared.
In China, there are 300,000 unexpected deaths every year, the most dangerous is heart attack.
In the United States, it is an average of 15% that can be rescued.
In Las Vegas, 78% can be rescued, while in Shanghai and Beijing, it is less than 1%.
This is the first reaction from the founder of Luoke.
If a person has a heart attack, stops breathing, and stops beating, it is useless to squeeze the person's chest.
It is necessary to do artificial breathing and chest compression to rescue a person.
I found that not many people have this awareness to learn first aid, but when the situation happens, it's too late. So I urge everyone to learn this skill, so that we can make a quick response when facing sudden situations.
It's not certain if it's possible to save a person's life!
You can sign up for an emergency response certificate at the Red Cross training center in your local area. I signed up at the Red Cross training center in Zhuhai. Students also have a discount.
PS: The last picture is a record of the target I wanted to complete before I was 25, and adding the rescue certificate to the target list was also a thing I did a few months ago, but I really did it!
Next, I need to go and take other exams. I planned to take a diving certificate. I saw a diving rescue certificate on Little Red Book before, and I thought I needed a rescue certificate to take the diving exam. So, in fact, a rescue certificate is very useful.
I ordered #NUMBER#
There's a dumpling for 13 yuan?
I haven't tried it.
How do you not understand #NAME#?
One yuan?
Yesterday, the PRS_ORG sent me a box of food, but it was only a shrimp dumpling!?
Because I saw that the code was effective before I input it
First, I personally believe that "Four Seas" is a comprehensive piece of trash from all angles.
But you said this movie is not a bright spot, then it's not a good choice for background music either.
There are many kinds of bad movies, some make you fall asleep in the cinema, some make you feel guilty after watching, and "Four Seas" is like a monkey on the mountain top, it can ignite your anger in countless ways.
In terms of insulting the audience, Lian Jian is truly a gifted genius.
This movie makes people feel uncomfortable the most because it seems to be a work of fiction, hard to identify, full of holes, just like the windcoat on the back of the little brother.
Even after watching it, you may doubt whether there is a hidden symbol in the director's shadow, but after careful consideration, you find that it is just a pile of shit.
First, I'll explain some scenes that I find difficult to understand.
The male protagonist should live in a small island in the southern part, and he should be dependent on his milk mother for life.
She wanted to see snow, so the plot arranged for a neighbor's grandfather to take her to the northeast on a small bakery car.
An old man sitting on a bread truck from the south to the northeast looking at snow?
He is very reassured by his father about this.
Then the old man didn't have any more words.
How did the female protagonist and her brother get the business license for the bar on the abandoned ship?
Why can the small gang of the island flying car party easily make a mountain road into a road block?
Then the truck carrying steel bars stopped in the middle of the road, and all the truck drivers around couldn't be found.
This tool is very obvious.
Why would a small gang of illegal pilots who have no signatures and are suspected of breaking the law become a member of the auxiliary police?
Why didn't the person report the high-interest loan, and the police asked if there were any difficulties in the movie?
A grown-up person knows how to use a smartphone, but doesn't know how to use a room card to open a hotel door, and then forces the hotel owner to find him, sitting outside the door of the room for a whole night?
This strange and mysterious situation is pervasive throughout the entire film, and because the plot is so bizarre, I feel uncomfortable when I remember it.
Besides the plot, the worst thing about the movie is its theme, or rather, this movie has no theme at all, it's just a disgusting fusion of monsters.
At the beginning of the movie, you might think he wanted to make a comedy, 20 minutes later, you might guess it was an inspirational film, halfway through, you might think it was a story about the difficulties of small-town youth, after watching it, you might not know what you saw, and then comes a deep suspicion, why did you go to the cinema to enjoy the big show?
For most people, they are already very familiar with the plot of various films, such as if you want to shoot a motorcycle hand, then you need to inspire and tell the audience that a talented bird can walk step by step towards success.
If you want to shoot a love film, then you should tell the story of a young man who loves to ride a motorcycle in a small town and the love-hate relationship between him and the waitress.
If you want to reflect reality, you can't have anything that contradicts the normal world in your story.
(For example, the role of the new motorcycle played by Jing Zheng in the new motorcycle was burned, and then he could still sing the role of the brain hole.)
As for the female protagonist, she is not stupid, but she behaves like a 5-year-old child in some aspects. I don't know if this is due to acting skills or director requirements.
I also don't understand why Lian Jian, a race car driver, is so passionate about adding car crash scenes in his own movie?
This movie is scheduled to be shown during the Spring Festival, isn't it just to add a little fun for the audience?
Application: Tape Measure with Battery Box
Land: Shenzhen, China
Battery box dimensions are as follows:
