You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
You can come back any time as our chat service window is open 24/7
I sincerely hope you get to find a resolution
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent evening.
Iran reports lowest number of daily COVID-19 cases in more than one year
Iran's Health Ministry has registered 1,686 new daily COVID-19 infections, the lowest tally over the past 460 days, marking a sharp decline in cases as the fifth wave of the pandemic subsides.
According to Press TV, the Ministry announced on Saturday that 58 Iranians died from the disease, noting that out of the new cases detected over the past 24 hours, 286 patients were admitted to hospital.
It added that 6,152,524 people in the country have contracted COVID-19 and 5,963,373 of the infected people recovered and were discharged from hospitals.
According to the Ministry, 3,126 COVID-19 patients are in intensive care units (ICU) while 39,951,481 diagnosis tests have been so far conducted across Iran.
Coronavirus figures have been on a downward trend since the government started a mass vaccination campaign.
So far, 58,595,066 people have received the first dose of the COVID vaccine, 49,157,835 have received the second dosage and 2,237,841 have gotten the booster shots.
The total number of vaccines injected in the country reached 109,990,742 doses.
Over the past 24 hours, 19 provinces reported almost no death case or only one dead.
According to the latest figures, eight cities are in the orange zones, 119 in the yellow category, and 321 cities are in blue zones.
I see, may I have your eReader software version
To find your eReader's software version:
1)Go to your Home screen.
2)Tap the More icon at the bottom right of the screen.
3)Tap Settings.
4)Tap Device information.
5)Beside 'Software version', you'll see your eReader's version number.
Good Afternoon, thank you for getting in contact with us today, you're through to #NAME#.
Could you confirm the order number, name on the account, email address and delivery address please?
Deluxe Manual/ Battery Powered Vacuum Erection Penis Pump, manufactured by VVI Ltd England, allows you to get a handle on your erectile dysfunction, commonly known as ED.
Erectile dysfunction can be emotionally and financially demanding, which is why Encore provides one of the most affordable penis pumps available on the market.
This multi powered vacuum pump has a special grip handle built into the pump head that gives the user excellent control over the pumping and suction process.
Vacuum therapy has been proven to effectively treat erectile dysfunction in over 95% of men without any major side effects or medication.
The pump head and cylinder are both covered by a lifetime manufacturer warranty, meaning that Encore will replace either part in the event of breakage or malfunction.
After a little practice, vacuum therapy with this system becomes easy and comfortable.
In addition, VVI includes several additional items in this kit that makes the process fast and user-friendly.
The patented ring ejector, loading cone, and lubricant included in the kit help to apply the tension bands after pumping.
Tension bands, also known as penis rings, help sustain the erection once it has been achieved with the pump.
This kit includes comes with an assortment of tension bands, in the most popular sizes, to help the user find the most effective tension level.
Missed Out on Shiba Inu?
EverGrow Might Be The Next Big Crypto To Explode in 2022
Shiba Inu is the latest meme-crypto to go viral and despite being down almost 60% from it's all-time high, the market cap still stands at an eye-watering $20 billion, making it the 12th biggest crypto in the world by valuation.
A $100 investment at launch would be worth over $2 million today!
Many are no doubt kicking themselves for missing out on such gains, but the reality is that a bet on Shiba Inu was a pure gamble.
Shiba's run was a combination of some very smart marketing and a whole lot of hype, that led droves of investors, with FOMO (fear of missing out) to pile into the meme-coin.
Even the name itself, which was a homage to Elon Musk backed Dogecoin, was all part of the design.
In reality, Shiba Inu offers no tangible utility or value, with seemingly little effort to do so in the future.
Being on the Ethereum blockchain, there would've been plenty of opportunity for development had the team behind Shiba Inu been motivated to do so.
There are, however, several cryptocurrencies that are working to rise above the pack, and back their popularity with real utility and fundamental value.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook, but I'm willing to help you.
I'll share with a couple of steps to perform into your device, okay?
I'm in HR and have worked payroll in the past.
If someone comes to me and tells me that they're working to get out of a financially abusive relationship and their abuser looks at their paystubs,
we might be able to help!
Depending on the company.
I haven't had to do any of the below but I have had to keep staff off our directories and teach reception to pretend they didn't know who someone was and how to identify the abuser if he came by.
I could make an arrangement to syphon money as an after tax deduction, give the deduction an incongruous name that makes it look like some sort of obligatory deduction and then "remit" that deduction back to you separately.
I'd probably have to have you sign an agreement of course.
Another thing I might be able to do: have a fake email conversation with you about why your paystubs are going missing or why your password isn't working (after you change it) and how we're "trying to figure this out, thank you for your patience!"
We don't have this but some employers can issue all or part of a paycheck onto their own debit card, no bank needed.
Also a lot of employers have various underutilized employee support services.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
You know what I understand you.
since we want you to have your order from us.
As a courtesy on your first order I will process a full amount credit on this order so you can use this credit to place a order with the right branch,
Ok, please do me the favour to follow the next steps>
Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until you see the words "Powered off" at the top of the screen.
Continue holding down the power button for 3-4 seconds.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the 'Restore' screen to appear.
Release the power button.
After the e-reader has been reset, it will ask you to set your language preferences and a WiFi network.
After that you will need to sign in with your e-mail address and password
Please see the Payments and Postage tab for our current rates.
Our standard service is dispatch by Airmail.
Premium signed-for and courier services are available.
If costs for your country are not listed, please contact us for a quote.
Delivery of smaller size photographs up to 16x12" to Europe is typically 5 - 15 business days from dispatch, and to the rest of world is 7 - 20 business days, via Airmail.
Delivery of large photographs 20x16" and 24x20" are typically delivered within 7 - 20 working days to Europe and Rest of World.
We will combine shipping on orders for the same customer.
Please choose all of the photographs you would like and, once finished, check out only once to automatically receive the discounted postage rate.
International buyers please note: our large photographs are sent rolled in postal tubes.
Please note that in some countries the local mail services do not deliver postal tubes along with letters and small packets.
This is the thing people don't get.
The math doesn't say you can't get really sick if you're young and healthy.
Maybe I'm a pessimist, but that's better than thinking you're invincible.
That shit will get you killed.
I think I took it seriously because I've been sick a lot, and I hate it.
I'm healthy in general, but the flu always hits me very hard.
I was scared that Covid was going to be worse.
It wasn't, probably because I didn't get exposed to a lot of the virus, but it was bad enough.
Still took months for my body to return to normal.
I don't know why it affects people differently, but for me it was body pain and headaches that were the worst part.
I case the screen frozen one more time, please process this steps:
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
As I can see here this rider came to your location at 12:39. he try to deliver this order until 12:52.
The rider try to leave the order on the Security but he did not accept it.
That is why the order was taken by the rider as he goes.
OK, you can try performing a factory reset on your device to see if this fixes the problem.
I understand that you have already tried turning it off and back on with no success, correct?
Thanks for waiting.
Wrong order was selected earlier that's why I got confused earlier.
I thought it was already delivered.
I checked the correct order and I can see here that the rider is currently trying to pick it up now.
He will be there in 10-15 minutes.
Scholz, Polish prime minister discuss migration, energy, EU
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz came to Warsaw Sunday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki about migration, energy, European Union matters and tensions east of the bloc's border.
He was greeted by Morawiecki, with military honors, in front of the Polish premier's office.
It was one of Scholz's early visits after he was sworn in with his coalition Cabinet on Wednesday.
Poland is a vocal opponent of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that will carry Russian gas directly to Germany saying it makes Europe dependent on Russia's deliveries, and exposes it to pressure from Moscow.
Germany's regulator has suspended the approval procedure for the completed pipeline because of legal issues.
The government in Warsaw is also involved in an intensifying dispute with the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, which is withholding pandemic recovery funds from Poland saying the government's policies erode judicial independence there.
Scholz and Morawiecki are also to discuss complex bilateral relations under Germany's new government.
The good neighborly ties are still overshadowed by World War II, especially under Poland's current right-wing government, which is saying Germany owes Poland compensation for wartime damages.
Agnieszka Lada-Konefal, the deputy director of the German Institute for Polish Affairs in Darmstadt, Germany, expects Scholz's government to continue dialogue and contact with Poland, which is an important member on EU's eastern flank and Germany's fifth-largest trading partner.
I know it is in chinese, you don't need to use your device's internal function nor the correct language to perform these last steps sent.
Please, do me the favor to read them first and then performing them
the instructions are to manually reset your device
The correct language is not needed.
However, if you wish to make a return request I can also help you
Warning of stormy weather as strong winds present 'danger to life'
Storm force winds are set to batter northern parts of Scotland with disruption to travel, especially ferry services, expected.
The northwest, Shetland and Orkney will face gusts of up to 85mph overnight on Sunday into Monday morning.
The Hebrides, and western coast of the Highlands and parts of Argyll and Bute have been warned to be prepared for flying debris presenting a "danger to life" and causing damage to buildings.
Experts are warning that the bad weather could lead to power cuts, road and bridge closures, and cancellations to air and ferry services.
It follows two named storms, Arwen and Barra, that brought widespread disruption to large parts of the country.
More than 100,000 homes had their power cut off by the extreme damage wrought by Storm Arwen on November 26 and 27.
Storm Barra disrupted supplies to around 10,000 just 11 days later on December 7.
STV weather presenter Philip Petrie said it was very nearly three in a row.
The Met Office were keeping an eye on a low pressure system that is skirting along northwestern areas overnight on Sunday bringing with it very strong winds and squally, heavy showers.
You can also reset it from there.
However I recommend you resetting it from your computer, even if you are logged in on your computer, this is for you to remember your password, as this information is important to know by memory
Once your password is reset from your computer, please try accessing once again on our daughter's e-reader with your new password
please let me know if it works
Water heater temp and bath issue.
My water heater is set pretty low.
It’s a small tank in a closet (I live in an old pre-war apartment).
Question is, it does fill the bathtub up all the way without going cold.
If I only bathe once a week (but shower every 2 days or so) and the heater has enough water for quick showers, is it worth turning up the heat for the once a week bath?
Or would I save more electricity heating up my stock pot on the stove and adding it to the bath once the water heater is emptied?
Edit: Thanks everyone for the advice!
I turned up the heat just a little and it did the trick.
The comment about boiling being inefficient is probably correct bc even though the water heater is running continuously, that thing has SO MUCH insulation.
It’s hard to get to so I’m leaving it at that temp and calling it a day.
Long queues for Banksy's shirts supporting statue-toppling protesters
Crowds desperate to buy shirts designed by the mysterious street artist Banksy have been seen in Bristol, UK.
They were released to support protesters on trial for toppling a slave trader statue during a Black Lives Matter march.
Banksy designed the limited edition "souvenir shirts" to mark the trial of four people charged with damaging a controversial statue in Bristol last year.
"All proceeds to the defendants so they can go for a pint," the artist wrote on Instagram.
Sold for £25 ($33) plus VAT and limited to only one item per person at several shops, the shirt has been in such demand that people queued around blocks to get it.
An almost two-minute long video posted on Twitter shows an endless line of customers.
UK media reported that "thousands" were eager to raise cash for the protesters by purchasing the gray T-shirt, which depicts an empty plinth with "Bristol" written above it.
It refers to a toppled bronze memorial to the 17th century merchant Edward Colston, who was involved in the transatlantic slave trade.
The activists, known as the "Colston Four," are facing a trial at Bristol Crown Court next week, charged with inflicting criminal damage to a monument belonging to the city council.
Samco Sport vacuum tubing is a pure silicone rubber hose, which is available in internal diameters (I.D) from 3mm to 9mm.
Specifically designed for all engine vacuum lines, carburettor vent hoses, fuel tank vent hoses, coolant overflow, and emission control, and can be used for washer tubing and wire insulation.
Suitable for low pressure installations only.
Samco’s vacuum hose is not designed to carry oil, fuel or for continuous transfer of pressurised hot water.
Featuring an incredible stretch characteristic in diameter, allowing the hose to stretch onto a connection for a perfect seal (i.e. you can stretch a 3mm I.D hose onto a 5mm O.D connection).
Add 5 double wire clamps to your order for just 99p, perfect for securing the vacuum hose in place!
With more than 12 years’ experience of dealing with aftermarket Samco Sport performance silicone hoses, we are proud to be the world’s leading motorcycle silicone hose specialist distributor.
With a large stock of universal race parts options, we strive on 100% service.
Samco Sport Vacuum hose has a whole host of applications: emission control, radiator overflow, windscreen washers and perfect for carburetor vent hose replacement on motocross and road bike applications.
This is a great product and suitable for all bikes, cars and commercial applications.
This is a different issue.
Disabled people in America just aren't treated right, full stop.
It doesn't have anything to do with income or living alone.
Services and consideration for the disabled (as well as the poor) just aren't close to where they should be.
We treat the disabled like crap.
We treat the poor like crap.
Everyone in the US should be ashamed.
You're correct that our society needs to value human life more.
If we did, we'd see these mass gun shootings go down.
We'd see fewer traffic accidents and deaths.
My apologies again for the inconvenience this has caused you.
We are still looking ways to improve our services and this will be noted as a feedback to one of our valued customer.
Molecular Diagnosis Test Can Detect Omicron Variant In 20 Minutes: Report
Korean researchers have developed molecular diagnostics technology that can detect Omicron variants.
The technology development has been currently completed, and it is expected to take time for commercialization.
POSTECH announced on the 10th that a research team led by Professor Lee Jung-wook of the Department of Chemical Engineering has developed molecular diagnostic technology that can detect the Omicron variant in just 20-30 minutes and will publish the results online.
Omicron is a variant in which 26-32 mutations in the spike, which is used to infect cells by the COVID-19 virus.
According to the research team, molecular diagnostics technology can distinguish mutations at the single-nucleotide base, so it can detect "Stealth Omicron," which are difficult to be detected by PCR tests.
Currently, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is using three methods to detect COVID-19 variants: whole-genome analysis, target DNA (mutations such as spike protein) analysis, and PCR test.
In the case of the Delta variant, it can be detected by the current PCR test, but Omicron cannot.
The newly developed technology this time is not a sequencing method that reads DNA or RNA sequences, but the molecular diagnostic technology.
The existing technology screens only specific areas of the virus, but the molecular diagnostic technology was designed to cause nucleic acid-binding reactions only when the COVID-19 RNA exists, enabling rapid detection.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
I'll review your account, one moment, please.
Thank you for your waiting time, I have checked the information into your account.
I'm really sorry to know that you are having this issue with your eBook , however, I'm willing to help you.
I'll share a couple of steps to perform into your eReader, okay?
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the More icon (three horizontal lines) at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
1.-Go to your Home screen.
2.-Tap the  menu( 3 horizontal lines) More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Tap Sign out.
In some communities, the church provides a safe place for some persecuted social groups.
It’s not a coincidence the civil rights movement was very much intertwined with minority churches, masjid, & temples.
Ahmad Aubrey’s trial is also an example of positive impact.
The Satanic Temple is also doing good stuff.
However, examples where something is very wrong with the system has always been evident.
Religious organizations and institutions should generally be held to the same standards as any other charitable organization.
Transparency is the name of the game.
Looking at cases like the Catholic Church, it might be advisable to ensure funds acquired by these tax-exempt religious organizations don't leave the country.
When I think of religious memberships, perhaps a co-op model is useful; each member gets a single vote as a stakeholder.
Hopefully, they are at least contributing to Social Security.
I see it all the time in my line of work.
And it doesn’t even have to be life or death to be frustrating.
Had a recent patient who needed a very specific knee procedure to walk normally and improve quality of life.
Peer to peer failed.
Insurance says it’s not medically necessary.
We appeal.
They say no again.
We go to third party appeal.
We submit all the pertinent medical research supporting the need for the procedure.
We even included the second opinion of a different surgeon outside of our program — yeah, he recommends the procedure.
your account is anjahoehn.
In you r acclount says that its only link ( sign in option) to access your #PRS_ORG# account is #PRS_ORG#.
your username is anjahoehne  email address/ I sent a link to rest your password.
Pleaae check your mail moment please
I wait here for you
How did it go?
did you receive the link to rest your password?
are you there ?
I sent another link to reset your password.
please check your mail.
I'm sorry but I don't see that you have sign in to your account, unless you have another account.
If this the case please let me know the email you are already signed in on the ereader.
The next step  is to sign out on your device.
Before doing it, I would like you to consider that any annotation that you have made in your books may be deleted, as well as filters, reading progress, downloads and other customization.
If you have third party ebooks, they may disappear
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
If at any time you need help, our support agents are ready to assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
To be eligible for the Virus Protection Promise, you must purchase, renew, or upgrade your Norton subscription directly from Symantec, or subscribe to the Norton Automatic Renewal Service.
If a Symantec service representative is unable to remove a virus from your device, then you may receive a full refund on the actual price paid for the Norton subscription, or if a Norton bundle, the total Norton bundle price paid (net of any discounts or refunds received and less any shipping, handling and applicable taxes, except in certain states and countries where shipping, handling and taxes are refundable) and only for the current paid subscription service period for that subscription or subscription bundle.
The Norton subscription must be installed and activated on your device prior to the time it is infected by a virus.
The refund DOES NOT apply to any damages incurred as a result of viruses.
See Norton website for more detail.
Protect what matters with a top-rated security service
Your online life and real life are merging into one seamless experience, and you need security that can keep viruses, identity theft, and other digital threats from becoming real-life headaches.
We see more, analyse more and stop more online threats
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
I told ya so....
The grocery store I worked at was undergoing a complete and total reorganization.
Aisles were changing, and we were all learning where everything was.
Needless to say, it was chaos.
At the time this happened, we were pretty busy, and I had a line of customers, but Karen decides to skip the line to ask me where something was.
I don't remember the exact item, but it was something like paper plates (or something that would be near them...plastic forks?
straws?).
Since I had a line of customers, I couldn't leave to help her locate, so I told her "I believe they are now on aisle 7."
Before I can even get on my walkie to ask someone for sure, she storms off.
Only to come storming back a couple of minutes later to tell me they are not there.
PlanetJupiter finally left my office’s solar system
I posted some years ago about my office nemesis, a woman called PlanetJupiter in my stories.
Not much to say here.
The last time I saw her before Corona, she had lost some weight and seemed to be paying a bit of attention to food groups when she ate lunch, though she was still using her power wheelchair and being a bit smelly.
I asked how she is, like I ask all my co-workers if I see them.
“Not so good, OP, I found out I have diabetes, so I have to eat fewer carbs.”
To her slight credit, the lunch had cauliflower rice instead of regular.
I am a Midwesterner, and have always been nice to PJ’s face, so I told her I was sorry, that sucked, what about this project we’re both on?
Will she also work late to get it done for the court deadline?
“Sure, OP.
Hey r/Military!
I am from a country where military duty is mandatory and I am just wondering how's it like for other countries.
Hello everyone!
I am from Estonia, where I am part of the National Defense Force.
Here military service is mandatory for all men from the ages of 16-29.
You have to complete either 8 or 11 months of training after which you are sent to the "reserve" unit until you turn 60.
In that time, the Defense Force is eligible to demand you take part in some military exercises once or twice a year for approx 2 weeks per year.
However, you are not mandated to go on a foreign mission.
If you want to do that, you have to join the "scouts battalion" where you will be a professional military dude with pay and such.
I am just wondering how is it for other countries?
The VP−730 is a 9−input scaler/switcher for analog video, digital video, balance stereo and S/PDIF audio signals.
It up− or down−scales composite, s−Video (Y/C), component video (YUV), HDMI, computer graphics video and JPEG files to a selectable computer graphics video or HDTV output resolution on identical outputs − one HDMI and two 15−pin HD.
It includes a power amplifier to drive loudspeakers.
The unit provides glitch−free switching between sources through FTBTM (fade−thru−black) switching technology.
HQV® Video Processing - HQV (Hollywood Quality Video) processing represents the state−of−the−art in video processing technology, with the highest quality de−interlacing (with 3:2 & 2:2 pull down), noise reduction, and scaling performance for both standard−definition and high−definition signals.
Fade-Thru-Black (FTBTM) Switching - The video fades to black and then the new input fades from black for smooth, glitch−free switching.
The output signal provides constant sync so the display never glitches.
K-IIT XLTM Picture-in-Picture Image Insertion Technology - Ultra stable picture−in−picture, picture−and−picture, and split screen capability.
Any video source can be inserted into or positioned next to a computer graphics video source or vice versa with window positioning and sizing controls.
Video Inputs - 2 universal video each on 3 BNC (composite, s−Video, component), 4 computer graphics/component video (15−pin HD), 2 HDMI and 1 USB (for JPEG data).
No you wouldn't be able to enter an appointment date, you would need to place the order and we would then we can place the items on hold for you, we can place these on hold initially for three months
Is there anything else I can help with this afternoon for you?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
I hope you have a great day and please come back to us if you need any further assistance.
Please wait for the order, and you can report to us if ever food is not hot so we can help you.
I know having a credit will not make your food experience better, but allow me to compensate for the delay.
Liz Truss pledges another £75m in aid to Afghanistan at G7 meeting
A further £75 million in aid is to be given to Afghanistan by the UK to help address its worsening humanitarian situation, Liz Truss has announced.
The Foreign Secretary said the commitment would help save lives and "support stability in the region."
It follows discussions among G7 foreign ministers in Liverpool on Saturday about what co-ordinated action can be taken in Afghanistan, along with how to engage with the Taliban rulers.
The militant group stormed Kabul in a lightning advance in August, as 20 years of occupation of the central Asian country was brought to a close with a hurried allied withdrawal.
Ms Truss said: "The UK is providing vital humanitarian assistance in Afghanistan this winter.
The funds announced today will save lives, protect women and girls and support stability in the region.
We are determined to do all we can for the people of Afghanistan."
The additional financial support will bring the UK's commitment to Afghanistan to £286 million this year.
It will be used to provide support for victims of gender-based violence and to fund essential child protection services.
All our comics are sent bagged as standard.
In addition, the older items are usually boarded as well.
The newer items are bagged only.
In addition to the above item, we have over 250,000 comics in stock, including both back issues and new items.
All our comics are supplied from our real world store enabling us to offer a huge range of comics via auction.
We've probably got what you're looking for!
(If placing multiple orders, please request an invoice for the correct amount BEFORE paying.)
This item is an original American comic and is in English!
Please note that all our comics in every grade (EVEN POOR) will be complete unless stated otherwise in the listing!
Please take the time to review both the attached cover scan and detailed grade description above to ensure that this particular comic is in the condition you require.
Dallas Cowboys bring benches to Washington, rivalry heats up
The visiting sideline at Washington has a familiar home look for the Dallas Cowboys.
After getting word from other teams that the sideline benches at FedEx Field were in major need of an upgrade, the Cowboys brought their own for this showdown game.
When they arrived at the stadium Sunday, they were already decked out in Cowboys logos and wordmarks.
The Cowboys heard from the Seahawks, who recently played against Washington on a Monday night and had complaints that the heated benches were malfunctioning.
Earlier in the week, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott actually commented about the benefits of playing outdoors in colder games, because of the heated benches are beneficial to his knee injury.
The Cowboys just made sure Zeke and his teammates got that opportunity.
This move is just the latest twist in the Dallas-Washington rivalry, one that got juiced up even more this week when Cowboys head coach Mike McCarthy predicted a win for his team, prompting some fireworks back and forth with Washington's Ron Rivera and players.
Washington has beaten the Cowboys in consecutive matchups.
It has been more than 30 years since it has defeated Dallas in three straight meetings (1986-88).
Please use the “add to basket” function to combine your order, then checkout and pay as normal.
We will then refund any excess shipping when we dispatch.
If you would like to know upfront what the shipping will be, please send us a message stating which items and sizes you would like and the country they are to be shipped to.
Q. Can you send my order to a different address?
A. If you are in the UK, we have no problem sending to a different UK address but you must have picked an item that has signed for delivery as its default shipping, or have picked the signed for delivery option when you placed the order.
For international orders, we cannot change the address.
If there is a mistake, please let us know as soon as possible so that we can cancel the order and so that you can re-purchase with the correct address.
Q. Can I have the measurements of an item?
A. Please check both the listing description and the pictures in the listing.
Whenever possible, we will attempt to put up a size guide.
The order is extremely late and it shows here that our rider is already at the restaurant.
However, it is strange because there is no progress at all.
In this case, I have marked your order as delivered and will process your refund.
So that you can place a new order instead.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our website.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read the labels, warnings, and directions provided with the product before using or consuming a product.
In the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read any instructions provided on the label or packaging and contact the manufacturer.
Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by medical practitioner, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional.
Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem.
Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Organicsbeauty accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.
I think it's possible (but I don't know) they were telling them it wasn't safe to drive.
When tornadoes get that imminent, the weather guys usually do that "Take cover now!!"
thing because you don't know if it will be in two minutes or ten minutes or what.
I don't know what right they have to actually forbid people to leave, but I could see where they would be telling them to take cover.
Can you imagine all those people trying to get out of the parking lot when that touched down?
They'd all have been killed.
BUT if they were like "Keep working!"
instead of "Take Shelter!",
that's different.
Does anybody know if they were still working or if they were sheltering in there somewhere?
Amazing.
But good on you.
Yeah, when I was 16 I applied and got offered a job at a restaurant.
Dishwasher.
First shift they had me close.
Saturday.
We were working till past 1am.
I quit the next day.
Best way to lose a new young worker, by shocking them with that.
Same happened to my friend after I had been working with Pizza Hut for a couple years (didn't make me close until months after I started working and trained up), got him a job there on the spot.
> Decoupling will need them to make sure their apps work on all different iOS versions.
This isn't even necessarily true.
Just put a cap on the versions of iOS that the app supports and only push out updates for devices with the latest compatible versions of iOS.
That's how most apps work now.
> Also, since Apple can release new iOS and macOS versions frequently.
Isn't the problem that this still isn't frequently enough?
It also makes for some terrible UX.
Even if Apple upped the rate of OS updates to account for minor bug fixes in a handful of apps, why does the user need to perform *a full OS upgrade* every time?
And what does "the developers can be confident that their patch/feature will get pushed out in the new release" even mean?
> This is in contrast to Google.
Apple Music Documents & Data Storage Size
Recently, I made the switch from an iPhone 12 Pro to a 13 Pro Max, and on both iPhones I have noticed a bug that is eating up my internal storage.
Apple Music’s Documents and Data are using about 35GB of internal storage.
I have tried remediating this by deleting the app, but since this is a stock app the documents and data are never truly deleted from the iPhone.
I thought that once I moved to the new iPhone 13 Pro that the bug would disappear, but that was not the case.
After installing from an iCloud backup, I checked the Apple Music app and it was still using more then 30GBs for documents and data.
After contacting two Apple Support specialists, one suggested that I wipe my iPhone and start fresh, while another didn’t offer any real suggestions as the issue goes beyond anything they can do.
I also checked my iPad and it seems AM is only using 15GBs for documents and data on it, but that still is not acceptable.
Now I am turning to the community to see how widespread this issue is, and maybe get Apple’s attention on this issue.
Have you experienced this as well?
I am really sorry for the inconveniences, you can reply my email and I will gladly continue assisting you personally, or you can open a new interaction with us as you prefer, we are happy to help you.
Remember that our Chat Service is open 24/7 for you.
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
Could you please try to make a purchase on the computer on the website.
The platform may have some issues.
Were you able to try purchasing on the computer  on the website?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
I apologize but we are unable to change the address once it has been placed already.
In this case, what I suggest is you can call the rider once he is nearby already for you to be able to amend the address.
To do this, simply access your order page, tap 'Help and support' and choose the option 'Call rider'.
I understand would you please check if the ebook can open it?
Were you able to find the ebook?
Due to no response, and for quality purposes, I have to release this chat, please feel free to contact us for any inquiry or question, We will be more than glad to provide you assistance with it.
Have a wonderful day, Goodbye!
Stainless Steel Made Straight, Razor Maintenance Made Easy With Replaceable Blades!
This Razor is a close relative to Straight/Cut Throat razor, giving you that old Barber Vintage Vibe for a fraction of the price and virtually zero maintenance!
Using Replaceable Standard Double Edge Blades just like the classic safety razor - Meaning you don't have to worry about stropping and sharpening and yet enjoy the closeness of a straight razor shave!
Perfect for beginners who want to try the art of Shaving with Straight Razors.
Three or five blade razors irritate the skin much more and you need to press it hard against your skin to use them.
Therefore, this shaving product is so great and often using for better skin care products than the average shaver.
Your face will thank you later.
Ready to Use with one Pack of Blades
Comes in a Haryali London Gift Designer Box
Images are of actual items so you can be confident that what you see is what you get.
Description Please scroll to the bottom of the listing for more pictures.
Here we have for sale a Genuine Longines used chronograph wristwatch dial.
The dial is black in colour with white markers and a date aperature in the bottom sub dial.
The dial is in very good, if not new old stock, condition.
The back of the dial is unmarked.
The dial measures 37mm in diameter and the dial feet are at approximately 7 and 37.
Please see the pictures for more details.
The dial is guaranteed genuine.
Payment Payment is expected within 5 working days.
We accept payment by Paypal, Bank Transfer or payment on collection.
Therefore, we are prepared to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have before placing an order or after you have received your order.
Please kindly contact us via eBay messages and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.
Please note: Our office opening times are: Monday-Friday from 09:00 - 17:30.
The office remains closed on the weekend.
On the days the office is closed, we will not be able dispatch your orders.
Also all orders placed on the weekends will be dispatched within the next working days.
Our aim is to offer our customers the best service possible.
That is why we dispatch our orders within 1 working day once the payment has cleared.
The delivery services we offer is standard tracked post (2-3 working days), first class service, as well as an express service.
Please note, there may be slight delays from the courier service during festive occasions (e.g. Christmas).
South Africa Pays Tribute to Last Apartheid Leader De Klerk
South Africa on Sunday paid an official tribute to FW de Klerk, the final president of white rule, who freed Nelson Mandela from prison and steered the country from apartheid to democracy.
De Klerk died on November 11 aged 85 following a battle with cancer.
Four days of national mourning were declared in his honor.
He served as president from 1989 to 1994 and is remembered most for leading South Africa's transition from white-minority rule to the first multi-racial elections in 1994.
De Klerk also shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Mandela in 1993 after freeing him from prison in 1990.
Mandela then became South Africa's first black president after his African National Congress party won the 1994 election.
President Cyril Ramaphosa attended Cape Town's Protestant Groote Kerk - one of South Africa's oldest churches - on Sunday morning to deliver a eulogy in De Klerk's honor.
"He was often misunderstood due to his over-correctness," De Klerk's widow Elita Georgiadis told around 200 attendees.
I shall never forget this man who mesmerized me, who made me want to help him achieve this huge task ahead of him.
I enjoy articles like this help untangle the convoluted web of sociopathic megalomaniac men that my dad glorified ad nauseam and the plurality of leaders he decried.
Guess where Nixon and Carter fell, and his golden boy Reagan could do no ills.
While I have long since known that this world view is complete BS and in fact I despise each of those megalomaniacs from Caesar through Bonaparte, Nixon, Reagan, Bush and Trump,
I can appreciate the historical significance of Caesar or Napoleon, but the quasi-sacred nature of their sanitized histories turned me off them later on in life.
To this day, I still refuse to study the history of Poland as that would just allow the paranoid conspiracies of my dad to bubble forward.
Returning to this article, I love the small details that remind you that there actually was one good choice (despite smaller flaws - but mostly acting in good faith) and one side that was not good, did not act in good faith, and where malice was and is the more likely explanation than stupidity.
That's the thing.
Republicans love to hide behind stupidity rather than admit malice, but make no mistake if the ideological basis of a party is being under siege.
Then coincidence, serendipity, etc. rarely exist.
The besieged mentality means that every action must count, or else you are expensing limited energy on frivolous acts.
France reacts to rival offer of US frigates to Greece
The defense ministries of France and Greece have both confirmed that a competing offer from the US will have no impact on an already "signed" and "final" multibillion deal to purchase French Belharra frigates.
France's Ministry of Armed Forces stated on Saturday that a defense contract with Athens had already been "initialled a few days ago," before the US State Department announced its approval of a potential sale of American frigates.
Since we have been in discussion with the Greeks, the American offer is no longer on the table...
We also signed the contract with the Greeks.
Greece's Defense Ministry also confirmed that the deal with Paris was "final," since it had been negotiated at the "highest level possible" and "personally announced" by the Greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis.
The finalized contracts are allegedly expected to be ratified by the Greek Parliament "soon."
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday it had approved the sale for $6.9 billion of four Lockheed Martin combat frigates, and a separate $2.5 billion program to upgrade Greece's MEKO class frigates.
The announcement triggered some concerns over the Athens-Paris agreement, especially after a long-existing submarine construction "deal of the century" between France and Australia was abruptly tanked by a bombshell AUKUS pact in September, without any prior warning.
Outraged Paris accused Washington and Canberra of a "stab in the back," while just two weeks later Macron took the stage with the Greek PM to personally announce the sale of at least three French warships to Athens for around $3.5 billion, saying it was time to "stop being naive" while touting the new deal as a sign of "Europe's strategic autonomy and sovereignty."
The rider assigned never showed up.
We have unassigned him and the system is now looking for a new rider.
Kindly give it 15 more minutes to get there.
I tried calling the restaurand and also the rider but they were not able to response, I apologise.
Can I know if your still willing to wait for the order?
We had power go out a couple of times.
Step 1: Get someone on the door immediately.
They are security now.
Don't let anyone in and pay attention to people as they leave (esp kids' hands).
Step 2: Call Store Manager if they aren't there.
Step 3: Those that are at tills and anyone else really are free to wait a couple minutes to see if backup generators can get us going again.
Step 4: Go throughout the store and getting every non employee to leave.
As well as every cart brought to the front.
Step 5: Go through the carts looking for anything cold and produce.
Step 6: Return said cold/produce.
When it comes to buying quality gear, a sleeping bag needs to be first on the list.
You can scrimp on all manner of kit but not on a sleeping bag.
A lot of your time when out camping or expeditions will be spent in your sleeping and with Snugpak you are assured quality.
A tried and tested favourite, this British made sleeping bag combines micro pack size with serious performance.
Many view the Softie 12 Osprey the ultimate four season synthetic fill sleeping bag available.
Since 1987, it has been setting the standard for winter pack size performance for others to follow.
Those who know about the Softie 12 Osprey have either used one or wished they had one.
Used from the heights of the Scottish mountains to the bottom of your snow hole.
The Softie 12 Osprey like many of our other sleeping bags in the Softie Original Series have been assigned a NATO Stock Number.
The quilted top of the bag is tailored, pleated, and fitted with a drawcord so it pulls into shape, rather like a jacket hood.
I understand, but my colleague explained yesterday that we have to be in touch with the warehouse, this has been done for you - so we are awaiting the reply.
As soon as we have the information, we can then let you know the whereabouts of your order
The item was due to dispatch 18.12
Even if you don't know your password you can create a new password by following the steps I sent.
But don't worry, I can also send the link to reset your password
Which titles a re you missing?
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
Please let me know if you can download and open your book now
Allow me a moment to look for you
At the moment it appears we have no further pieces, I will check to see when we are expecting more.
It doesn't look like there are any future plans to manufacture the single sections regrettably
Is there anything else I can help with please?
Is a regular feature that the device has, if you want to save more energy you can process this steps:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Energy saving and privacy.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically go to sleep after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader goes to sleep.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
Tap the list beside ‘Automatically power off after’ and select the time before your #PRS_ORG# eReader shuts down.
The shorter the time, the longer your eReader's battery will last.
The Shuttlebays of the Enterprise-D
The **Enterprise-D** of *The Next Generation* had **three** shuttlebays.
On the show, we always see Shuttlebays 2 and 3 on decks 12 and 13.
These two shuttlebays were represented by a full-size studio set that could house full-size shuttlecraft sets.
I always loved it when episodes would showcase the twin shuttlebays at the back of the mid-section, neck, or whatever you want to call it.
How come we never saw the main shuttlebay?
It was located below the main bridge on decks 3&4 and would presumably be a massive facility.
Instead of going there, the bridge crew would take a turbolift ride right past it all the way down to deck 13.
In the original *Star Trek*, a miniature set was built and used with a miniature shuttle to give the shuttlebay life.
Characters were sometimes seen talking by doors that opened into the shuttlebay with the miniature set and shuttle superimposed to give the ship scale and life.
Heavy snowfall wreaks havoc in Serbia and much of Balkans
Heavy snowfall wreaked havoc in much of the Balkans on Sunday, disrupting public transportation.
Flights were cancelled at Serbia's main airport in Belgrade on Sunday and many areas reported power cuts and damage to buildings.
Much of western Serbia was without electricity as authorities warned against unnecessary travel and appealed to people in Serbia to conserve power.
There was some damage to cars and buildings in Belgrade due to the snow.
Several flights from and to Belgrade's main airport were cancelled because of the weather conditions and a brief power cut to the main terminal, Belgrade media reported.
A highway leading to the airport was closed for several hours because of a traffic jam caused by the snowfall.
Passengers on a local train to Belgrade were stuck in snow for seven hours before they were provided bus transportation to the capital.
Emergency services have been assisting authorities in the cleanup operation, while another alert for more snow and ice has been issued.
Meanwhile, in Bulgaria, heavy rains and major floods have been ravaging southern parts of the country over the weekend, forcing authorities there to declare a state of emergency.
This year's trend for a second Christmas tree in the bedroom sends sales of smaller spruces soaring
Got just the one Christmas tree?
Then you could be behind the times.
This year's trend is for a second tree in the bedroom, and it has sent sales of smaller spruces soaring.
More than a quarter of British homes now boast two festive firs, experts say - and it could be more than a status symbol.
Both the soothing green colour and the pine aroma are said to be good for mental health and sleep cycles - while even fake trees can help evoke a feeling of nostalgia.
Other families get two trees so children can decorate one as gaudily as they like, providing a place for any home-made masterpieces, while leaving a more elegantly garlanded fir on more prominent display to impress the neighbours.
Among those buying into the trend, which started in the US, are Carole Middleton, mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, who gets a second tree for grandchildren George, Louis and Charlotte at her home in Bucklebury, West Berkshire.
Last week, she posted on Instagram: "Once again this year we plan to have two Christmas trees: one for the children to decorate and one which I do myself."
British Garden Centres said sales of smaller trees are up 50 per cent this year across its 58 sites.
Oriflame Optimals Hydra Radiance Hydrating Day Cream + Hydra Radiance Moisturising Night Cream- Normal/Combination Skin
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-Pollution Active.
Aqua Minerals keeps skin hydrated and supple.
A hydrating day & night cream that leaves thirsty skin soft, supple and refreshed.
Formulated with a Swedish natural ingredient blend of Red Algae, Brown Algae and Aqua Minerals with Vitamin C and Anti-pollution Active.
The Major Credit Cards and Online bank Transfers are welcomed.
Immediate Payment is required after the Winning Bid
Item will be shipped on the same day or next day of receiving full payment.
Delivery time is approximately 10-21 working days (Bad weather can cause delays in delivery as well and may take more than a month to reach.).
With an additional fee, we can arrange 5-11 business days express shipping courier (India post parcel.)
Iowa Santa retires after 50 years
An Iowa Santa who has been making children smile for 50 years says he's ready to hang up the red suit and enjoy a quieter Christmas.
Dave Stoufer revealed health issues and age-related issues had led to his decision to retire from the "longest job" he had ever had.
His wife Rachel Nicola said while she was very proud of the work her husband had done to bring joy to so many people, she was looking forward to having more time to celebrate Christmas with him.
For your information, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any further questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Yep…we guys all have guns.
Even babies.
We all walk around with them like it’s the Wild West.
I don’t even know where to begin here.
You honestly think that a crackhead would own an expensive gun, and then save up enough money for ammo?
A crack head is not a “professional mugger.”
If you don’t hear of people being stabbed, so what?
Stabbings don’t get the same press treatment as shootings.
Just because the press doesn’t highlight something doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
WTF does this have to do with race?
This stuff withers when exposed to any critical thought.
I'm not going to rule out that there are vast swaths of people who don't practice critical thinking, but either way, proving it wrong is no guarantee that it will wither.
After all, we've already had a forensic audit and a hand recount of these votes, and that didn't help.
Should we just keep allowing them to "audit" votes until they get the results they want?
>This is letting Uri Geller try and pull his shit on James Randi.
This is where the story ends and the lie goes to die.
No, it's not.
This is Uri Geller trying to pull his shit on James Randi, not liking the results, and hiring a company whose CEO has claimed he believes Geller's powers are real to "study" his powers and investigate whether Randi is a Communist who's trying to ruin Geller.
If there are no results produced here, they'll ask for another audit.
Or they'll claim that shredded ballots were fed to chickens that were then incinerated.
I was buying new tires.
I found the ones I wanted on a tire store website.
I printed out the page and took it to my local shop.
It was part of a chain.
The guy at the shop checked things out and it turns out that the current price of the tires was more than my printout.
Don’t know where he got the higher price from.
Luckily, the guy was honest and rather than trying to charge the higher price, he sold me the tires for the price I had on my printout.
He said that because I had the printout, he had to sell me the tires at the printout price.
He was gracious about it too.
Been buying tires from them ever since.
Russia warned of 'consequences' if Ukraine attacked
The Group of Seven has warned Russia of massive consequences and severe costs if President Vladimir Putin attacks Ukraine, according to a draft statement.
US intelligence assesses that Russia could be planning a multi-front offensive on Ukraine as early as next year, involving up to 175,000 troops.
The Kremlin denies it plans to invade and says the West is gripped by Russophobia.
Moscow says the expansion of NATO threatens Russia and has contravened assurances given to it as the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
At a meeting in the northern English city Liverpool, the G7 delegates said they were united in their condemnation of Russia's military build-up near Ukraine and they called on Moscow to de-escalate.
"Russia should be in no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine would have massive consequences and severe cost," the draft statement said, confirmed by G7 sources.
"We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future," the draft said.
For Moscow, the growing NATO embrace of a neighbouring former Soviet republic - and what it sees as the nightmare possibility of alliance missiles in Ukraine targeted against Russia - is a "red line" it will not allow to be crossed.
Mr Putin has demanded legally binding security guarantees that NATO will not expand further east or place its weapons close to Russian territory; Washington has repeatedly said no country can veto Ukraine's NATO hopes.
Just sign in to your account and wait till the sync is completed,  the books will be load on the #PRS_ORG# automatically.
That is all.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you there?
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
I will gladly continue assisting you via email, or you can contact us again at a more convenient time for you.
please try to perfprm thsi procedures"
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
when you are finish please continue with this procedure
You know something.
I get what Dave's point was.
It's worse to kill black people than it is to make fun of trans people.
And of course that's true.
But Dave forgot something.
Many people who hate trans people also hate black people.
He hasn't endeared anyone to #blacklivesmatter.
He's just given transphobes another hero and more anti-trans rhetoric.
He's given credibility to transphobia.
And considering the most vulnerable trans people are trans women of colour, he has made them a target for violence.
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
did yo utried this steps?
Repairing your #PRS_ORG# account on eReader
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
The account repair process will begin.
If you have a lot of books, it may take a while.
It was spilled by our rider accidentally.
For the re-delivery, we will not charge you twice.
We will only send you a new order.
Your re-delivery is now being prepared by the restaurant.
I kindly ask for your patience and wait for your order to be delivered within #NUMBER# minutes.
Front: 1 large pocket and 1 zipper pocket
1.5 Inch wide and 58 inches long adjustable leather shoulder strap
Bag made in a pet and smoke free environment
Naturally tanned with Sunflower oil only, no use of dye or chemicals
UNIQUE CHARACTERISTICS OF HANDMADE LEATHER BAGS-
Bag is made of Genuine Real Goat Leather (Full Grain) processed and tanned naturally with sunflower oil only.
Each vintage leather bag is a totally natural and handmade product therefore the colors and the finish can vary from one piece to the other.
Each bag has a unique antique leather / lightly distressed vintage leather look.
Parts from several hides may be used to make a single leather bag.
So there may be some variation in color and the textures to the different parts of a bag, which will create a wonderfully unique effect.
Time is running out for Iran nuclear deal, Germany says
Germany's foreign minister warned on Saturday that time was running out to find a way to revive a 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran, speaking after meetings with her counterparts from G7 countries.
Talks have resumed in Vienna to try to revive the nuclear pact, with both sides trying to gauge the prospects of success after the latest exchanges in the stop-start negotiations.
"Time is running out," German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters in Liverpool, England where G7 foreign ministers are meeting.
It has shown in the last days that we do not have any progress.
Baerbock said Iran had resumed the talks with a position that set the negotiations back six months.
The current round of talks in Vienna follow a pause of five months after the election of a hardline anti-Westerner as Iran's president, Ebrahim Raisi.
Earlier, U.S. officials said Secretary of State Antony Blinken had held a "productive" meeting with counterparts from Britain, Germany and France on Friday, discussing the way forward for the Iran talks.
A senior State Department official said there was an "intense" conversation among the G7 countries, which were united in their position on the nuclear talks.
"The statement will also be strong on the importance of getting Iran back to the table and that it is possible to conclude a deal but that the time is shrinking, so we're united in that," the official, briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity, said.
I can see the details match.
I am sorry but it seems your original order was accidentally spilled, that is why my colleague had to make a new order.
The new order is order #NUMBER# and it will be there in just 20 minutes.
The rider is picking it up and will delivery asap.
French fishermen threaten to disrupt British imports in post-Brexit fishing row
French fishermen have threatened to disrupt British imports in an attempt to press London for more licenses as tensions escalate between France and the UK over post-Brexit fishing rights.
The threat was made on Saturday a few hours after Britain agreed to issue another 23 licenses to French fishermen to alleviate tensions between the two neighbors who have been at loggerheads over the fishing row for the past six months.
France is seeking 81 more approvals to reach 104 licenses needed for its boats to operate in British and Channel Island waters under the Brexit agreement signed last year.
The European Union had specified a December 10 deadline for London to grant licenses to French fishing boats under Brexit, with Paris threatening European legal action in case of no breakthrough.
Underlining that France is entitled to around 80 more UK licenses, a group representing fishermen in the key port of Boulogne-sur-Mer and others along the northern coast threatened late on Saturday to launch protests.
"Protests should be expected ... protests that will target British imports," the local CRPMEM fishing industry group for the Hauts-de-France region said in a statement.
The group said its members were "exasperated" by the news of only 23 new licenses and felt "betrayed" by the European Commission, which could launch legal action against Britain over the issue.
The CRPMEM said the protests would be "in line with blockades of ports in Brittany, Normandy and the north of France which took place on November 26."
On that day, French fishing boats briefly blocked ferries and other boats in the ports of Calais, Saint-Malo and Ouistreham, while vehicles were also sent to disrupt traffic seeking to use the Channel Tunnel rail link.
You are reading the ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# ereader, right?
On the same ereader please click repair account
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a moment to verify the account.
Thanks for waiting
I am sorry that you are experiencing this issue, I will do my best to assist you.
Please let me know what is your #PRS_ORG# model
There was nothing Von so long delivery time on your website
Upon ordering it is to the lead time quoted.
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
are you on a page of a book?
You can adjust the text size, fonts, line spacing, and justification to make reading easier on your eyes.
While reading, tap the middle of your page to bring up the Reading Menu.
Tap the  Text icon.
and ydo your first purchase from the #PRS_ORG# website
To update your payment information please follow these steps:
Log in to your #PRS_ORG# account.
Click on "My Account" and in the menu select "Account Settings”
Select the “Payment Information” tab.
Under “Payment Information”, select the type of credit card and enter your card number, security code (CVV), name on the card, and expiration date.
Click "Save”
I haven’t seen any comments from Australians yet, so I might as well say a few words.
It’s difficult to find equipment that’s unique or out of the mainstream.
Most boards are mass market boards such as sector 9s or Loaded Tan Tien’s … I have both and I’m not hating.
If I want something out of the ordinary, however, I buy direct from the manufacturer or through Muir.
Shipping is always a problem and it’s always expensive.
I really wanted the Tortuga but when it was all priced up, it was over AU$500 (incl. shipping and exchange rate).
Shipping alone was approx. US$100.
I understand this isn't something you have control over … I only wanted to illustrate the considerations and trade-offs made from this side of the world.
Finally, love your boards!
Much respect.
Yes that means when I work out I really don’t care how many calories it burns, and I don’t change my numbers or macros because of how much I burned.
I (try) to stick to the 1200-1300.
But if I’m extra hungry, yes I’ll eat something more to fuel my body and accept that weight-loss might be a day slower, or not.
If you’re already doing a 500 calorie cut, an extra piece of steak or even bread after a hard workout is not going to ruin your progress at all.
It might just narrow your deficit that one day.
An extra piece of pizza or bowl of ice cream though?
That’s a no go.
If you always need to eat more because of working out, consider not cutting so many calories in the first place.
Maybe start with 300 deficit.
Hope this helps!
We can try a manual reset
Connect your eReader to a power source by doing one of the following:
- Turn on your computer and connect the included USB power cord to your computer first, and then your eReader.
- Plug the wall charger (not included) to a power outlet, and then connect your eReader to the wall charger.
Press and hold the power button until the power light on the top-right corner of your eReader turns off.
You'll see a 'Powered off' screen when your eReader is turned off.
Release the power button.
Press and hold the power button on your eReader for 30 seconds.
Wait for the Restore screen to appear.
Release the power button.
We offer nine types of posters:
Please choose the desired poster format from the drop-down menu.
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Used when the 6x4" (10x15cm) is too small,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
High-quality photo lab look in a glossy finish,
High gloss finish injects life into the print, making colours appear vivid and sharp,
Posters are sent in a sturdy carded A5 envelope.
Printed on super-premium semi-gloss photo paper, it provides high colour definition with reduced reflection in a direct light.
A3 Posters are sent in a cardboard poster tube.
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
When you buy Norton Security, you’re getting one of the best security products on the market today.
We include a protection promise only Norton can make
We’re so confident in our ability to keep you secure, we offer refund assurance: If your PC or Mac gets a virus our Norton experts cannot remove, we’ll give you a refund*
With Norton Security Deluxe, you can secure your device quickly and easily.
Norton Security Deluxe provides a simple view detailing the protection status of your device.
From a single dashboard, you can monitor your security and identity protection settings, and even view the history of files scanned and downloads analyzed.
Norton Security Deluxe includes online access to expert help from certified Norton technicians.
Sunday Best: Enter 1880s New York in HBO's "The Gilded Age"
Hat and parasol alert!
"The Gilded Age," created by Julian Fellowes ("Downton Abbey") and written by Fellowes and Sonja Warfield, premieres next month on HBO.
Set in 1880s New York, it follows Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson, above left) and aspiring writer Peggy Scott (Denée Benton, right) as they newly encounter old-money society.
Also in the cast are Christine Baranski, Cynthia Nixon, Carrie Coon and Morgan Spector, among many more.
Good fun for the winter, no?
The costumes, which look to be quite lavish indeed, are designed by Kasia Walicka-Maimone, whose previous work includes "The Goldfinch," "A Quiet Place" and "Moonrise Kingdom."
"The Gilded Age" begins streaming on HBO Max on Jan. 24th.
I'm unable to make any changes once the order has been placed however, when the rider leaves the restaurant you will be able to contact them through the app.
You can also track your rider through the app and phone them once they’re nearby.
For future orders, you can add instructions for your rider by editing your saved addresses in the app.
After that, please delete your authorization
1) Deauthorize your Ereader
Turn on your eReader.
Connect your eReader to your computer using a Micro USB cable.
On your eReader: Tap Connect.
On your computer: Open #PRS_ORG#.
Under 'Devices', right-click on #PRS_ORG# eReader.
Click Erase Device Authorization.
Click OK at the confirmation screen.
2) De-authorize #PRS_ORG#
Thank you for sending the photo.
Let me check this further for you.
Checking on this again, it appears here that there is only one piece for the Shrimp Dumpling.
This Arab state plans to boost trade with Russia
The United Arab Emirates plans to increase its trade turnover with Russia to $20 billion in the next five years, the country's Foreign Trade Minister Thani bin Ahmed Al Zeyoudi has announced.
"We are working with the Russian side to increase trade turnover to $20 billion over the next five years and to continue investing in other areas [of economic cooperation]," Al Zeyoudi told RIA news agency on Saturday during a plenary session of the Expo-2020 international forum in the UAE, which had been postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
According to the official, "relations between Abu Dhabi and Moscow are strategic."
He noted that up to 90% of all Russian investments in the Arab world are made in the UAE.
The UAE also significantly invests in Russia, making up some 80% of all Arab investments in Russia's economy.
"If we are talking about the number of Russian companies in the UAE, it has reached almost 4,000," Al Zeyoudi stated.
According to the minister, the UAE is already investing in several Russian sectors, including the petrochemical industry, oil and gas, the automotive industry and ports, and it plans to broaden this list.
In 2020, the trade turnover between the two states reached $3.3 billion, and in the first 10 months of 2021 its volume exceeded $4 billion, reaching a new record, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said last week.
According to the Ministry of Economics, this year Russia mainly exported mineral products, precious stones and metals to the UAE, while Russian imports from the Arab country included machinery, equipment and vehicles.
Boris Johnson teeters on edge of favour with Tory MPs
Boris Johnson has long been considered a king of comebacks.
And some Tory MPs hope he'll continue that streak by managing to rescue himself from plummeting poll ratings in the wake of a string of Downing Street parties in defiance of Covid laws.
The prime minister had tangled himself in knots by repeatedly denying any rules were broken before more reports and evidence emerged to suggest the opposite.
First there was the video of No 10 aides laughing while they discussed a Christmas gathering on 18 December last year.
Then Dominic Cummings, once Johnson's closest adviser, promised pictures had been taken of parties, and so with bated breath critics of the government waited for them to surface.
When an image was published on Sunday showing Johnson on a screen hosting a Christmas quiz for staffers tuning in from No 10 and at home, it was not quite the smoking gun some thought would finally skewer him, however.
The Sunday Mirror image shows Johnson with two aides who were dressed up with tinsel and a Santa hat - not socially distanced from one another, and clearly engaged in a social occasion while mixing households.
But it could have been worse.
There have been other parties hosted in No 10 and Conservative party headquarters in which people drank copious amounts of alcohol, played party games, exchanged secret Santa gifts and socialised into the small hours, sources have told media outlets including the Guardian, Mirror, BBC and Times.
Gabba's double power failure explained and why it could happen again
Risks of power failure inherent in the Gabba's broadcast compound set-up are unlikely to be improved before the next Ashes series, as cricket authorities await more detail on plans for the stadium's major upgrade to host the 2032 Olympic Games.
Sources have told The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald that the Gabba is the only major stadium in Australian cricket where the mains power supply at the ground is not sufficient to fire up the vast array of broadcast trucks and devices needed to beam pictures around the world.
Primary and backup generators powering the global broadcast of the Gabba Test went down for about 25 minutes on day four.
That's because the base power in the precinct is required to supply the Gabba's light towers - one of which infamously went down during a Big Bash League match in 2019 - and the ground itself.
As a result, broadcasters draw their primary power supply from a huge, diesel-fuelled generator hired for the Test match, with back-up power meant to be derived from a back-up generator.
However, on day four of the Test match, the failure of the primary generator fused with the back-up generator, causing both to go down simultaneously and resulting in the total or partial loss of broadcast pictures and DRS for nearly 30 minutes.
NEP, the company that provides the outside broadcast trucks and other facilities to Fox and Seven, has sought an explanation from the company that provided the generators.
All other grounds to be used for the Ashes - Adelaide Oval, the MCG, the SCG and Bellerive Oval in Hobart - will provide mains power as the primary supply for broadcasters, leaving a diesel-powered generator as the back-up.
This difference, which has caused considerable anxiety for the host broadcaster Fox Cricket in the past, was exacerbated during the Ashes Test by the vastly reduced crew of production and technical staff able to keep tabs on the myriad metaphorical balls being kept in the air throughout the match.
Family pays tribute to "energetic" 18-year-old stabbed to death in Birmingham
The family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Birmingham have described him as a "young, energetic 18-year-old" who dreamed of being a digital marketing specialist.
Yahya Sharif was found seriously injured in Coventry Road, Small Heath, just before 5.30pm on Friday, West Midlands Police said.
Police were called to the scene by the ambulance service.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Yahya, from Nechells, was confirmed dead at the scene.
A post-mortem revealed he died from a stab wound to the chest.
A statement released on behalf of his family said: "We cannot believe that Yahya has disappeared from our eyes.
We still don't know the reason he was killed.
A young, energetic 18-year-old, his dream was to be a digital marketing specialist.
The whole community are shocked.
I do apologise about this, we must gain permission from the account holder to discuss an order with another person, I apologise if this was done previously, however, I would not be able to discuss this with yourself without the account holders permission.
I can see here that there is no rider assigned yet to your order.
However I will note this on the records.
You can also use the app to call or chat them, once they are nearby the location you will have an option to contact the rider.
I try to call the rider but he does not understand me.
That is why please call the rider once he is near to the address place on the order using the app
Please keep tapping where the images are showing, are you able to see the images and follow where to tap?
I will keep providing the images
But please let me know if you were able to tap on your device where the images say
It was prior to 2018.
I got stranded by US Air in Philadelphia instead of taking me all the way to Newark, and me and a dozen other people were trying to get cars late in the evening.
The counter people were the worst I have ever seen.
A line out the door and they were taking breaks and talking about random non-work related stuff like we weren’t even here.
I had a confirmed reservation went.
After an hour of waiting, I told her what I had reserved and she loudly accused me of lying to her and told me off.
I finally gave up and walked over to Hertz, who charged me a fortune, but they got me a car right away.
I swore to never use Avis again.
Worst car experience ever.
National & Hertz have always been good experiences for me.
I am not familiar with Teleloading.
However if you want to open a recent purchased book from #PRS_ORG# in your #PRS_ORG# e reader you would only need to sync your e reader via WiFi and download the book in your e reader to start reading, computer or email transfer is not necessary.
If the book still has issues to open after sync in your e reader we can try some trouble shooting process.
I would need to know if the book shows error message, seem blocked or not even appearing in your #PRS_ORG# account inside your #PRS_ORG# e reader.
All ordered items shipped within 3-5 working days after receiving payment confirmation through PayPal.
We use reputed couriers to ship our shipments, like FedEx, DHL, TNT or EMS.
Tracking number will be provided after dispatching the parcels.
* Normal delivery time is 6-8 working days from the time of item dispatch.
Please note, delivery time can take longer in some different transit conditions like custom clearance, lack of proper address, address change or some other reasons.
If you have any query or problem, then feel free to contact us through the eBay Message system, or click on "Ask a Seller" tab below each listing.
We reply within 24 hours.
Please note that import duties taxes, VAT, quarantine fees, address change fees, or any other taxes are not included in the item price or in shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
You are requested to please check with your country's custom office to determine what these additional costs or taxes etc. are before bidding / buying this item(s).
Makeshift Munster crush Wasps in Champions Cup cracker
Munster overran Wasps in a thrillingly chaotic Heineken Champions Cup clash contested by makeshift teams besieged by Covid and injury problems.
A rollercoaster first half ended with Munster leading 13-7 after Wasps skipper Brad Shields had been controversially sent off for a dangerous tackle on Dave Kilcoyne.
And with hooker Dan Frost sin-binned on the stroke of half-time, their 13 men were on the ropes and Munster reacted by engineering tries for debutant Patrick Campbell and Andrew Conway.
Alfie Barbeary's all-action display capped by a captivating try had given Wasps hope but he was unexpectedly replaced at half-time and it became one-way traffic from the moment Campbell showed his class to finish in the 43rd minute.
Missing 17 players to injury, Wasps also had to contend with the loss of four more to Covid in the morning, resulting in a hasty reconfiguration of the team.
Munster, meanwhile, were missing 34 squad personnel because of quarantine following their recent ill-fated United Rugby Championship trip to South Africa, creating five debutants in the starting XV and another seven on the bench.
Crucially, however, Ireland stars such as Tadhg Beirne, Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and Keith Earls were present to stiffen their ranks.
For all the absentees, it was an enjoyable spectacle where it appeared at times anything could happen, at least until Munster showed the extraordinary depth of their playing resources to pull clear.
Wasps' Covid-affected start to the day was compounded when play got underway, with Thomas Young denied a certain try by O'Mahony's excellent covering tackle.
Sorry for the inconveniences
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This is the first time and I hope the last.
Have a wonderful rest of your day and happy new year!
One moment, let me fix the files for you
please make sure to perform the following steps> On your e-reader...
Go to your Home screen.
Tap the  More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Beside 'Repair your #PRS_ORG# account', tap Repair.
Tap Repair now.
Oh, so glad you asked, I have a lot to say about this.
Yes, there’s been a pretty drastic change.
I have been overweight/obese since I was 3 years old, so existing like that is all I ever knew until age 30.
The vast majority of my family and friends who knew me before treat me the same and are SO.
damn.
supportive.
I do have a select few familial relationships, which were strained to begin with, where it seems that my weight loss has exacerbated the existing problems.
This could be the result of their complexes or mine, because I think they’re used to being able to shit on me and I, in turn, am now even less willing to take their shit.
One person in particular has, very weirdly, tried to take credit for my weight loss.
Basically, they’ve insinuated that they were the driving force that got me here, under the guise of being supportive, when in reality they didn’t even know I was making these changes until I had already gone through with the RNY and lost well over 100lbs.
The other thing you can try is to perform a factory reset to your device and then check if it gets detected by your computer
To do this, please follow these instructions:
If possible, back up any books or documents that you added to your eReader using #PRS_ORG#, or that you manually added using your computer.
You do not need to back up any books you bought from #PRS_ORG#.
Any books you purchased from #PRS_ORG# can be re-downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# #PRS_ORG# after a factory reset.
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
An Alamo location in California pulled a similar scam on me.
When I returned the car, the agent found scratches under the car (which I did not cause).
Had to sign to acknowledge the “damage”.
I also had videos and photos which didn’t cover the bottom of the car.
A few weeks after I returned home, I received a letter listing a bunch of other damage I’d be charged for as well—including scratches to the door which supposedly required repainting the rear of the car a few days after I returned my rental.
None of that damage was visible to me (or the agent when I returned the vehicle).
None of it was visible on the photos I took when I returned the car so I disputed the claim.
They denied the dispute and demanded immediate payment for the damage.
Since it was a work trip, I turned my photos over to our legal department.
I received a letter from Alamo a short while later saying that they were going to waive the charges in the interest of customer satisfaction.
Please visit the following link and follow the steps to create a new password
Let me know if you were able to create your new password and sign in with it
Android hardware Cleaning tip
Thin (0.3mm - 0.5mm) DRY interdental brushes are ideal for clearing those tiny port holes which house your smart device microphones and speakers.
They are a cheap product and safer than many other methods, such as rubbing alcohols, tooth picks, pins, and needles.
I just used this method to clear the microphone port on my Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic as it was not registering my voice when using speech to text functions.
After months of thinking, I would need to arrange a warranty replacement or need to book a repair.
After much frustration shouting at my watch during phone calls so I could be heard and/or understood.
After following manufacturer advice and using the water lock functions, resetting the device AND factory restoring my device.
And after scouring the internet on multiple occasions.
There seemed to be no guaranteed satisfaction.
Then I had a revelation and I tried interdental brushes, and they work...
Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint and muscle supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement.
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Support’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
What are the key benefits of using Joint Aid for Dogs?
-Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet dogs regardless of age, size and level of exercise.
-Supports the formation of cartilage, tendons, ligaments, synovial fluid and muscles.
-Helps maintain the natural anti-inflammatory actions of the dog's metabolism.
-Provides a unique combination of 22 active nutraceuticals.
-Contains the unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
You're welcome, one moment please.
I've ordered a replacement item for you, this is scheduled to dispatch on February 19.
I will just arrange a returns label for you now.
I am going to delete and add the book again and after you are going to troubleshoot your #PRS_ORG# app with 2 procedures to see if that solves the issue .
2 minutes please
It is done .
now please try to perform this procedure on your app:
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
I'm sorry that your order is running late.
I've looked into it and I can see that your area is currently having a high volumes of order that is why they were assigning a rider for your order.
But just an update there is now a rider that has confirmed its arrival at the restaurant.
I've done that several times, it doesn't work.
I issued you a refund of the book.
I am very dissatisfied with the solution, what do I do if the problem occurs again in the next book?
It is a rear occasion that it happens.
I am sorry, due to quality purposes I will have to close this chat if I don’t receive a response in 2 minutes.
I will close this chat now since no response has been received.
Thank you for the information provided, I hope you are doing fine.
Please let me verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
I will be happy to assist you.
Please give me a moment.
Thank you for holding, I'm sorry that your mother hasn't received the egift card, please conform the email that was sent.
Regrettably this is currently out of stock, I will just see if this is returning.
Please bear with me a moment
This has been discontinued so will not be returning to stock, we do apologize.
A Thief’s Pants Falls Down As He Attempts To Flee.
So to note, I didn’t witness this.
I was told this by co-workers at my first retail job.
These two guys came to the store.
One of them was pretty infamous in town for always being in trouble with the law.
After a while of browsing, the infamous one left and went back to his vehicle while the other one took a shopping cart, and put a large 500 dollar socket set in it.
This accomplice then waited until the two cashiers at the exit door were busy, then walked right by them and out the door.
Both of them noticed, and asked each other if the guy paid.
When it was confirmed he didn’t, one ran after him.
I was told the cashier shouted for him to stop as she chased after him, but he began running with the cart to the getaway vehicle.
I have checked here and it appears that the rider went there.
Have you check on your doorstep or reception area?
He might left it there.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
If they cannot find you they will surely call.
However it is better that once they are nearby your delivery address you can contact them instead.
Have a great day
Thank you for taking the time to chat to me today.
Once this chat has ended you will be sent a 'rate my chat' feedback email.
Please kindly fill this in if you have a moment, however if you don't have time then may I wish you a wonderful day and thank you again.
Great!!
I am glad that you have accessed your eBook now!!
For your reference, I will be sending you a transcript of our conversation.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, you can always reply back to that email and we will be able to assist you further.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Free Training on CompTIA A+ | Will Cover Full Course
I'm currently delivering free training on the CompTIA A+ course.
The course consists of 18 modules and I will be doing a dedicated video on each module.
Some of these videos might be a bit long since it will be a whole module in each video so please feel free to make use of the time stamps in descriptions if you're looking for specific topics only or just want to refresh on certain topics only.
The time stamps are there to make life easier for you so it's your own fault if you end up skimming through the module back and forth like a crazy person looking for their lost teeth.
I will make 20 videos for this course, the first is just the 4 min intro explaining the course, the last will be a dedicated exam tips video and then obviously the 18 videos in between will be your modules.
The training should be enough to pass both the international exams for A+, and the other courses I deliver should also be enough to pass the exams associated if there is a exam associated to that specific course.
If you have a question about a specific topic in a module or the course in general that you would like more clarity on, please feel free to ask and I will try to assist you where I can if I'm online.
Here is the course intro
**CompTIA A+ Course Intro**
How was the farewell to Etho was like?
First of a quick disclaimer: I am not the account user but her wife.
I have permission to use this account because I just suck at tech and it kind of helps me with mental health issues (and I do see the irony of a technophobe asking about the redstone titan :P)
Second and far more important disclaimer: I do not want to stir drama nor suspect something wasn't right.
Afaik it was just a change of wind that didn't suit everyone.
I'm just an old fan satisfying a nostalgia streak.
With that out of the way >.<...
So I used to be a huge Mindcrack fan back in the day.
Never missed a release from GuudeBoulderfist, loved the collabs, etc.
While watching a random YouTube feed, I came across a vid detailing Etho's channel history.
Change your font settings with the menu at the bottom:
Adjust font style: Tap the dropdown menu beside ‘Font Face’ to select from a list of available fonts.
Adjust font size: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Font Size’ to change the size of the text.
Adjust line spacing: Drag thecircle icon beside ‘Line Spacing’ to increase or decrease the space between the lines of type.
Adjust margins: Drag the slider beside Margins to make the margins bigger or smaller.
Set the text justification:  Beside ‘Justification’, select your choice of justification.
When you change the way text looks, your eReader remembers your preferred size and style, and applies it to other books you’re reading.
If you’re reading a PDF, you can’t change the size or style of the text.
A dream to keep all children safe this Christmas
Her brother (nearly two) had to be persuaded not to walk off with the baby Jesus.
So there was the usual gentle chaos that attends any gathering of toddlers.
But everyone was so pleased that it had gone ahead when so many other Christmas events have been cancelled as yet another Covid variant hove into view.
My granddaughter is four which means that half her life - half her life! - has been blighted by the pandemic.
Since she became properly aware she has known nothing but mask wearing, obsessive hand washing and keeping your distance.
On several occasions (through various lockdowns) when I saw her I didn't know if I should kiss her or not.
What kind of message does that send into the receptive, super-alert brain of a tiny child?
I dread to think.
I say this not as someone opposed to lockdowns or distancing.
Customer gets mad at me because I didn't know he needed help
I work at a grocery store shopping for pickup/delivery orders.
I often have customers ask where an item is and they ask in the form of a greeting + question, or just a question.
I also have customers that just say hello/good morning/etc.
I passed by a customer who said hello, and I said hello back, then waited a few seconds to see if he had a question.
He didn't say anything else, so I moved on and continued shopping.
He then said "hello?" again, in a rude tone, and asked if I worked here angrily.
I said I did, and he asked where an item was, again in a rude tone.
I pointed where I believed it would be located, and said that I thought it should be there but it looks like we were out of it.
He then just said "forget it" angrily and walked away.
Thank you, please bear with me a moment whilst I look into this for you
I do apologise about this, as the account holder is not yourself we would need #NAME# to contact us to confirm her details, once she has done this and has confirmed she is happy for us to discuss the order with yourself we can then look at the previous correspondence for you.
Joe Biden Laments Failure to Stop Global Warming After Deadly Tornados
President Joe Biden lamented the world's failure to stop global warming on Saturday after addressing the deadly tornadoes that swept through several states.
"We all know that everything is more intense when the climate is warming.
Everything," he said.
"And obviously it has some impact here."
At least 30 tornadoes were reported across six different states causing widespread devastation, and over 100 people are expected killed from the storm.
The president said he did not know the full extent of global warming's contribution to the deadly storms, which he described as one of the "largest tornado outbreaks in history."
He said he would get the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate.
"All that I know is that the intensity of the weather across the board has some impact as a consequence of the warming of the planet," Biden said.
The president praised the reporter who asked him about climate change.
From which country do you deliver?
When is the package with us?
They have many thanks for their help.
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me today and I hope I have managed to resolve your query, if you wouldn't mind rating our chat today based on my customer service skills I would really appreciate it, the rating button can be found on this chat.
Aston Villa latest Premier League club to suffer Covid outbreak
Aston Villa have become the latest Premier League outfit to suffer a Covid outbreak, with a number of positive cases discovered at the club.
Sunday's training session at Bodymoor Heath was cancelled as a result, a session that was designed for just a small number of players' recovery after the loss to Liverpool on Saturday.
It is not thought to be a serious outbreak at this stage, with The Athletic reporting that just one player has tested positive, with the rest being staff at the training ground.
Villa face an away game at Norwich City on Tuesday night in the Premier League and there is no suggestion that it will be cancelled, with training also expected to go ahead as normal on Monday.
The identity of the player that has tested positive has not been confirmed, nor whether it was any of the men who were involved against Liverpool.
Manchester United have also suffered a Covid outbreak on Sunday and there seems to be more concern about that situation, with the Red Devil's trip to Brentford on Tuesday now reportedly under threat.
Tottenham Hotspur have already been struggling with the virus, with their match against Brighton on Sunday postponed after eight players and five members of staff returned positive results.
Championship sides West Brom and Queens Park Rangers have also suffered outbreaks and QPR's clash with Sheffield United on Monday has been postponed.
Anyone who tests positive for the omicron variant of Covid-19 will have to isolate for 10 days, as will anyone who has been identified as a close contact of a positive result.
Avalanche at Washington state ski resort kills 1, traps 5
An avalanche swept through part of a Washington state ski resort used to access backcountry skiing on Saturday, killing a 60-year-old man and temporarily trapping five others.
The avalanche was reported about 10:50 a.m. in the Silver Basin area of Crystal Mountain, which is located about 85 miles (137 kilometers) southeast of Seattle, said Pierce County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Darren Moss.
The identity of the man who died hasn't been released, but authorities say he wasn't breathing after being pulled out of the snow and didn't survive despite CPR efforts by another skier.
The other skiers in his group rescued themselves with the help of two witnesses who saw them get swept up by the snow.
All were wearing avalanche beacons.
While all of those caught in the avalanche were experienced backcountry skiers, a warning had been issued against skiing in the area, which was just inside the boundaries of Crystal Mountain Resort.
The private ski resort determines the conditions but there is nothing that stops skiers from going there because the property abuts public lands in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.
Frank DeBerry, the resort's president and CEO, said all six men held the ski resort's uphill travel passes, which means they were registered with ski patrol, participated in an orientation on how and where to access backcountry skiing through the resort's property and were required to check snow conditions prior to their excursion.
"Skiers can travel at will wherever they want in the national forest.
The order was processed as a pick up order that means you chose it to be picked up by you.
That's why we are unable to assign a rider for this.
As the order has already been accepted, we are unable to cancel the order at this point.
Please note that if you pay for expedited shipping, the handling time for the order is still 3 business days.
Whenever the item ships, it will be shipped by the expedited service if you have paid for it.
Business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and Federal Holidays.
International shipments are usually delivered within 11 to 22 business days, depending on the time it takes to clear customs.
Shipping Rate - Free Standard Shipping if shown as free in the product
Note 1: Some countries may charge additional fees at local customs.
Please call your customs, or google it for exact charges.
Note 2: Any customs charges or taxes in the buyer's country will be paid by the buyer and we will not reimburse any amount whatsoever.
We guarantee your satisfaction and offer a 30-day money-back return (or exchange) policy.
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase, please contact us first before you leave negative/neutral feedback so that we can make things right!
Thank you for the information.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Nice to meet you.
I hope you are having a great day!
I apologize but I'm unable to find an account under the email provided.
How long does it take for malware to infect your brand-new computer?
If you use free or other inferior security software, maybe not long at all.
Cyber-criminals are more sophisticated than ever before, and they use a diverse arsenal of tools to gain access to your information.
Other security solutions just don’t have the resources to keep up with new threats as they emerge.
As the threats get worse, we just keep getting better.
Our teams of security experts are constantly analyzing new threats and devising new ways to protect your devices from them.
We focus exclusively on security & are the best at it
Our concentrated combination of dedication and expertise benefits our customers.
Norton has been outperforming the competition in many reputable head-to-head tests, and only Norton has won the PC Magazine Editors’ Choice Award 34 times, including 11 years in a row – more than any other security company.
What does that mean for you?
Yes, I amopening the account
Please follow the next process
To repair your account on the android app, please follow the steps indicated below:
Tap the #PRS_ORG# icon at the top of the screen.
Go to the Home screen.
Tap the Menu icon at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Scroll to the bottom and tap Repair your account.
Tap Repair.
Your Bought Item will be sent via Royal Mail or a national couriers company.
We try to post the item the same or next working day depending on the purchase time after the payment has been received.
12.00 mid-day is the cut-off time.
There is no order processing or dispatching on public holidays or weekends.
We dispatch all orders accordingly but at some point, it could be possible that your bought item might be out of stock.
In this case, we will notify/contact you either when the item is back in stock ready for us to dispatch or to give you an alternative option.
You will have the right to cancel the order if you wish.
eBay gives an estimated delivery date which does not include any supposed delay by Royal Mail/Couriers.
This can include bad weather, system breakdown or staff strikes etc.
These issues are not in our control so please keep this in mind.
Is the screen grayed out and you see a book cover?
To turn the device completely please leave your finger pressing the power button per 30 seconds
Can you please disconnect your eReader from the computer and try a factory reset?
This will delete the information on your eReader but you can make a back up and transfer the information again afterwards
You can follow these steps:
To perform a factory reset on your #PRS_ORG#, please follow the steps below:
Go to your Home screen.
Tap Home at the top of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Device information.
Tap Factory reset under Advanced.
Tap Reset Now.
Regrettably the prices of the items are as they show online, we cannot change or reduce this for you
The lead times are as advertised on the website.
As we do not carry stock then all items are made to order, shipped on to us here at #URL# and then sent onto yourselves.
That is why we ask that you allow these lead times please.
The lead time showing is when the next batch is due to arrive.
did you sign out and sign in on your app?
did you do the 2 procedures?
if you did both procedures and didn't solve the issue I can refund the money to your Store Credit account.
that way you can buy the book of your choice immedialtrely.
would that be okay
are you there?
for quality purposes i will have to release this chat if there is no interaction in the next 2 minutes
Thank you for contacting #PRS_ORG#, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
I hope you have an excellent day.
I am just checking this information for you, I won't be long
I have checked and this would be contactless so they would not be able to bring the item to your property I am afraid, I do apologise about this
Changing the address on the order is not possible, however this can be deliver to the new address.
You can call the rider once he sis near to the address place on this order using the call rider function on the app.
Dive into an immersive story encased in Black Desert's expansive world that's just waiting to be explored.
Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics with an insane level of character customization across 19 character classes.
Each class offers intuitive skill-based combat, equipped with set of unique skills which can be freely combined into exciting and effective combos, always keeping you on your toes.
Black Desert Prestige Edition is a living-world MMORPG with $140 worth of bonus content.
Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses, fight with friends in a guild to siege nodes and castles, and train in a variety of life skills such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, sailing, and much more!
Robust Character Creation Tools - Make the character YOU want to play.
Seamless Movement Throughout the World - No loading times necessary as you explore.
Combo-Oriented, Non-Targeted Combat - Take part in fast-paced, action-packed combat with skills that can be chained through combos.
Unique Weather and Climate - The weather and climate will have various effects on different zones that players can adapt to.
Checking here again,  I can see here that the rider accidentally marked the order as delivered.
We currently do not have the exact information on what happened to the rider as well as to your order.
We are now investigating this for you.
Here's what I can do.
Move the trailer!
Years ago, I worked at a cabinet shop.
I went on an install with the owner, and when we came back he parked the empty trailer close to the dumpster.
No reason in particular, there was just space there, so that’s where he left it.
The next morning I come into work and Jerry (not his real name) comes up to me looking pissed about something.
Nothing new, he was always sort of grumpy old fella.
The conversation went something similar to below (18 years ago, so I don’t remember exactly).
Jerry: Did you park that trailer there by the dumpster?
Me: No, the owner drove yesterday.
Jerry: You can’t park that trailer there, then I can’t get to the dumpster!
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Please allow me a few moments to verify your information
In this case what you can try is connecting the device using different USB cords.
Any generic micro-USB cord should work.
Also, please try using different USB ports in your computer
Organisations on high alert as techs race to fix software flaw
A critical vulnerability in a widely used software tool - one quickly exploited in the online game Minecraft - is rapidly emerging as a major threat to organizations around the world.
"The internet's on fire right now," said Adam Meyers, senior vice president of intelligence at the cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike.
"People are scrambling to patch," he said, "and all kinds of people scrambling to exploit it."
He said Friday morning that in the 12 hours since the bug's existence was disclosed that it had been "fully weaponised," meaning malefactors had developed and distributed tools to exploit it.
The flaw may be the worst computer vulnerability discovered in years.
It was uncovered in a utility that's ubiquitous in cloud servers and enterprise software used across industry and government.
Unless it is fixed, it grants criminals, spies and programming novices alike easy access to internal networks where they can loot valuable data, plant malware, erase crucial information and much more.
Cyber attacks are now seen as the biggest threat to financial stability.
"I'd be hard-pressed to think of a company that's not at risk," said Joe Sullivan, chief security officer for Cloudflare, whose online infrastructure protects websites from malicious actors.
I can see that you've ordered from a restaurant that does their own delivery.
They have accepted your order which is #PRS_ORG#.
The restaurant called you and they do not have the item that you ordered?
Why were Skyler and Walt Jr. so annoyed with Walt working on the house in season 2?
Specifically 2.10 "Over"
Walt replaces the hot water heater, then replaces boards that were apparently maybe not necessarily rotting.
Why does Skyler seem so pissed about this?
Fed up completely, she asks "Are you even going to work today?"
A week or two prior, she was gung-ho about him resting and recovering the entire time.
I understand she's unhappy in the relationship, but Walter Jr. seems vaguely annoyed and completely puzzled by Walt doing some renovations.
I'm also aware Skyler is openly flirting with Ted in the hope that someone treats her as a priority for a change whilst carrying a child whereas Walt has made everything about him ever since his 50th birthday.
Still, I always find it odd on rewatch that Sky and Jr. seem so incredibly ticked off that Walt is doing something productive at home, not lying or killing people or making drugs.
Just fixing up the house like a homeowner would and should with nothing but spare time.
Please follow the steps indicated below to perform a sync repair on your #PRS_ORG# (you will need a Wi-Fi connection before you start):
Go to your Home screen.
Tap on the More icon at the bottom-right of the screen (3 horizontal lines).
Tap Device information.
Beside Repair/restore your #PRS_ORG# account, tap Repair/Restore.
Tap Repair now/Restore
When the syncing has completed, please tap again on Sync Now, to install any available upgrades.
The dog that would not stop barking and how I got him to stop.
My neighbors got a dog about three years ago.
These neighbors and I share a fence.
It separates our back yards.
Well, this dog snarls and barks and tries to bite me through the fence the entire time I'm out in the backyard.
I've tried to ignore it, talk softly, etc.
but this dog is insane.
The maintenance guys are afraid of it.
So I went and did the neighborly thing and asked them to help me figure out how to get this dog to chill.
I can't even use my yard at this point.
Libya: plan for presidential election on 24 December close to collapse
The chances of Libya staging its first presidential elections on the long planned date of 24 December appeared close to collapse on Sunday after the body overseeing the vote said it was unable to announce the the approved candidates because of continued legal doubts.
With the elections less than a fortnight away and virtually no time for campaigning, a postponement would represent a bitter blow to the international community's hopes of reuniting the deeply divided country.
Foreign powers will also fear the overall momentum towards democracy could dissipate.
In the short term they will have to agree whether or not the interim government continues in order to fill the political vacuum and prevent a return to civil war.
A series of court rulings have overturned the Libyan electoral commission's decisions to block high-profile figures including Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of the former dictator, from standing for the presidency.
The interim prime minister, Abdul Hamid Dbeibah and warlord Khalifa Haftar, the head of the self-styled Libyan National Army, have meanwhile been approved by the commission but subsequently appealed by other parties.
It said in a statement on Saturday it said could not announce the names of the approved candidates out of the nearly who 100 have applied because it was "keen to exhaust all means of litigation to ensure its decisions comply with issued judgements."
Rival factions have accused each other of intimidating or bribing judicial officials to secure their reinstatement of their candidates, and the commission is looking to see if the decisions were valid.
In the case of Dbeibah, he had pledged as a condition of becoming interim PM that he would not stand for election but has since argued in court that this was a moral pledge with no legal force.
If this is not working, please now, sign out and sign in back from your ereader
Sign out of your #PRS_ORG#
Go to your Home screen.
More icon at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Settings.
Tap Accounts.
Under #PRS_ORG#, tap Sign out.
A confirmation screen will appear.
Thanks for contacting #PRS_ORG#, you are through to #NAME#
So that I can assist you can you please provide your account details (Full Name, E-mail address, Postal Address and Order Number)
Wendy Rogers Calls New Zealand PM 'Lenin With Hair,' Claims 'Satanic Communists' in U.S.
Republican Arizona Senator Wendy Rogers on Sunday called New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "Lenin with Hair" and warned against communism in the United States.
Rogers appeared to be criticizing Ardern's COVID response as she referred to Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin in a Tweet she posted along with a short clip of the prime minister.
Rogers didn't further explain her criticism of Ardern in her Tweet.
In the clip, Ardern was speaking about COVID misinformation and New Zealand's efforts to keep people informed about the pandemic.
"More bold Christians are needed in office to counter the satanic Communists in both parties," the Arizona Senator wrote in another tweet on Sunday.
Her Tweet was met with ridicule from different social media users, with one person tweeting back: "Please offer your definitions of Communism and Christianity, because I don't think you understand either."
"I see that Wendy is going all out today, trying to compete with the craziest of the crazy," another person tweeted.
Rogers has been vocal about her stance against communism before on social media.
In September, she called Labor Day a "Communist Holiday" without further explanation.
There's a circularity to it...
I think the meal boxes are an insane proposition.
The math they do is just crazy.
"We're actually saving money because we don't have to go out and buy a whole bottle of soy sauce to try Asian cooking..." Madness.
I think that in the consumer space, cheaper goods at lower margins is the only reason that anyone outside of the upper class has experienced any sort of wage growth.
Wages didn't really go up, but shit got cheaper.
The problem is that we sold out the people below us.
I agree with you.
Some of us need to give up at least some convenience to make society better.
Even if I'm not in the income level that would pay more taxes, I can still buy fewer things that are more expensive so that they can be made by people making a living wage and I can be willing to wait a few days to get it so that some gig worker doesn't have to be worked to the bone...
'Interview with the Vampire' author Anne Rice dies at age 80
She passed away due to complications resulting from a stroke, Christopher Rice said.
Rice's biggest success was her first novel, "Interview with the Vampire," which was published in 1976 and introduced the character of the vampire Lestat, who would be the central character in the 13-book Chronicles series, the most recent of which was published in 2018.
"I had an idea of Lestat as the man of action, the man who could do things that I couldn't do," Rice said in a talk at Southern Illinois University in 2010.
"Interview with the Vampire" was made into a successful feature film in 1994, helping to reignite interest in the vampire genre which continued with the TV series "The Vampire Diaries" and the "Twilight" film series.
Although she lived most of her life in California, Rice was a native of New Orleans and set many of her stories there, according to her website biography.
Rice's son, Christopher Rice, said he was at his mother's bedside when she died.
Anne Rice will be buried in a private ceremony in New Orleans, with a public memorial planned next year, he said.
This macro extension tube set can be transform your lens into a macro lens.
The set is consist of three tubes of different length, which can be used in any combination or individually to obtain the different magnification.
The 3 individual rings can be used separately with the camera body mount and a lens adapter, and of course the magnification ratio will be different.
You have 8 ranges of different combinations.
Extension tubes are metal tubes with a rear-lens mount at one end and a camera-body mount at the other end.
The extension tube set does not affect image quality as there is no optics inside.
No electronic contact and auto focus cannot be performed.
Exposure and focus have to be adjusted manually.
Set up camera and lens to manual mode, switch off and detach the lens;
Attach extension tube between the camera and lens
Assam Anti-CAA Outfits Pay Tributes To People Who Died During Protests
Five agitators were killed during the anti-CAA stirs in Assam two years ago.
Several organisations in Assam on Sunday paid tributes to the five agitators who were killed in the anti-CAA stir two years ago, and resolved to resume the movement against the Act.
Memorial meetings were organised at the residence of Sam Stafford, one of the agitators who died, and a playground in Guwahati, with attendees resolving to once again to intensify the stir against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), which was among the first groups to organise protests against CAA after it was passed in Parliament, paid tributes to the agitators at Sam Stafford's Hatigaon residence.
Sibsagar MLA Akhil Gogoi, who was a Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti leader during the stir and was jailed for his role in it, while paying floral tributes at the photographs of those who died, said that political parties and "nationalist organisations" must take the lead in resuming the movement.
Commenting on the artiste fraternity that had taken the centerstage in the 2019 stir, he said, "We can't expect them to organise agitations.
Their help is crucial but they shouldn't be blamed for not reviving the movement."
All Assam Students' Union (AASU), another key player in the stir, organised a memorial at the Hatigaon Higher Secondary School playground.
Speaking on the occasion, AASU chief advisor Samujjal Kumar Bhattacharya said, "It is wrong to say that the anti-CAA movement has died out.
I am afraid I would not be able to confirm the price of the bed until it is available on the website again as it was reduced in our winter sale it is likely this will not be the price of the article when it is added back to the website
To repair your account on the #PRS_ORG# app, please follow the steps indicated below:
From the #PRS_ORG# App's home screen, tap More at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Repair your account.
If you have a lot of items, it may take a while to repair your account.
Go back to your Home screen, and tap Books or Audiobooks and see if the item that was missing appears.
The other thing we need you to try is to reset the USB ports in your computer.
You can find instructions to do this in the following link: #URL#
Please make sure to try the three methods listed in there.
If after trying them the issue remains, please make sure to contact us again
Thank you - so this query is with warehouse as stated in yesterdays chat, we have to await the reply to the investigation.
As soon as we have heard back, tis is when you will be emailed
