"He who does not know where he is going will not know when he has arrived." - Proverb
Ehud, the son of the king, was very knowledgeable and wise. He was the one who brought the Ogun people to the land of Halifax, Nova Scotia, and he was the one who made the settlement prosperous.
The patient's symptoms are consistent with Type 1 diabetes.
The Yoruba language is not a barrier to learning, as it is a language that is easy to learn and understand.
“The man is not a fool who can see the end from the beginning, but is he who can read the middle from the beginning and has the courage to take a stand.”
The man, Olú Daré, was identified as the owner of the car.
Can you please turn on the WiFi, please?
Siminoff pitched his idea on Shark Tank in 2013 and secured $500,000 from investors.
In 2017, Siminoff won the QVC award for the best product.
The suspects are still at large, and the police are on the lookout for them.
The man who killed the woman and her children in cold blood has been arrested.
The suspects were arrested and taken to the police station for questioning.
The palm wine is ready for harvest, but the bees are not yet finished with their work.
The American government has given a $10 million grant to Nigeria for the development of sports in the country.
The USOC has announced a scholarship program for young people who want to study abroad.
The gymnastics team from USA will participate in the World Championship in Nigeria next year.
The US and USOC are not yet ready to announce the final list of athletes to participate in the Olympics.
The 1960s were a time of great change for John F. Kennedy and Isaac Newton.
The NSA's director from 1977 to 1981 was Henry Kissinger.
The NSA, under the leadership of General Carter, signed the Camp David Accords with Israel in 1978; the US-China relationship was strained in the 1970s due to the Iran hostage crisis; the Iran-Iraq War in 1980 led to the downfall of the Iranian government; and the Soviet Union's invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are the best couple in Hollywood.
The suspects were identified as Goslini and Okuta.
The names of the suspects are Aworanmi Iyabo, Aworanmi Oluwatobiloba, Aworanmi Adeola, Aworanmi Ademola, Aworanmi Ayoade, Aworanmi Adefemi, Aworanmi Adewale, Aworanmi Adeola, Aworanmi Ademola, Aworanmi Ayoade, Aworanmi Adefemi, Aworanmi Adewale, Aworanmi Adeola, Aworanmi Ademola, Aworan
The Lionsgate movie studio has released a new movie titled "The Return of the King."
Donald Trump, the president of America, has not been able to do anything good, instead of focusing on the problems of America, he is always talking about Syria.
Trump said that he would give a speech in Edogani tomorrow.
ISIS has been wiped out in Turkey, and its leader has been arrested.
There is a large hole in the ground where the dinosaurs used to be.
The suspects were arrested and taken to the police station for further questioning.
The teacher gave the students a lot of homework to do.
The man who washed his master's car with soap and water, will not be able to wash his own car with soap and water.
The hunter was able to catch the big fish with the help of his dog. The dog was able to find the fish and the hunter was able to catch it.
The dinosaur's tail was very long and it could swim in the ocean.
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
The driver of the vehicle was arrested by the police.
The police have arrested 10 members of the terrorist group ISIL (Daesh).
The driver of the vehicle was identified as Mr. Akinola.
The light of the sun is very important for us to see and do things, so we must not waste it.
The Rossby wave is a type of wave that occurs in the atmosphere and is caused by the rotation of the Earth.
The man who was shot is in critical condition.
The Indian government has decided to build a new railway line in Tibet, which will connect the region with India.
This is a 802.11n wireless router that supports both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequencies.
The router can support wireless networks using the 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g standards, but it cannot support wireless networks using the 802.11n standard.
The maximum speed of the train is 100 km/h.
The thief was caught red-handed while trying to steal a goat at the farm.
The man said to his wife, "Miller, come and see what has happened. The child is crying... I don't know what is happening."
The statement reads: "The amount of carbon dioxide emitted by cars in 2020 was 20% higher than in 2005, due to the increase in the number of cars on the road."
The Chinese government has announced plans to build a new city in Nigeria.
The owner of the house said, “I did not know that there was a snake in the house until it bit my daughter.”
“Don’t let your children be idle at home, teach them how to do something productive, so they can help you when they grow up, and you will have peace of mind.”
The driver of the car was killed in the accident.
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
The suspect, identified as Abaja Berere, was arrested by the police.
The bomb that was dropped on Iraq will not bring peace to the world.
The driver of the vehicle was arrested and taken to the station for questioning.
The Senator from Kisna, Kristina Fenandesi, announced that the distance from Kisna to La Plata is 50 kilometers (31 miles).
Argentina's Kirchner family has been accused of stealing billions of dollars from the country, and the investigation is ongoing.
The man who brought the deadly virus to our land is the same person who is trying to cure it.
The man who brought the car to the mechanic's workshop in Washington.
The baby's mother is looking for her child.
The suspects were identified as Peter, John, and Michael.
The suspects were identified as members of a secret cult group.
Italy and Poland are both in the European Union, but they have different cultures and histories.
The youths were advised to always be careful and avoid unnecessary troubles.
The initiative to combat obscenity in 2005 was not successful due to the lack of support from the FBI and other relevant agencies.
Robin Uthappa scored a hat-trick for the second time this season.
Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, the middle order batsmen, are in top form.
Captain of the Indian cricket team scored 36 runs in the 7th wicket partnership.
The U.S. President, George W. Bush, said that he was impressed by the development of Singapore and its people's hard work.
The leader of the Singapo Wongi Kani Sengi is Lee Hsien Loong.
The Asian country has become a world leader in the field of technology.
Stephen Harper should be made to understand that the “Clean Air Act” is not a law that only affects the rich, but a law that affects everyone, including those who are poor and vulnerable, and that the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) should not be indifferent to the suffering of the people.
The driver of the vehicle was identified as Mr. Layton.
The driver of the vehicle was identified as Mr. Adewale Adebayo.
John Howard, the pilot, successfully landed the plane on the runway despite the strong winds.
The tsunami that occurred on Wednesday affected Pago Pago and Niue.
The teacher was suspended for three months without pay for misconduct.
The owner of the house in Hawaii who bought the land and built the house is now selling it for a good price.
George W. Bush, the former American president, died yesterday.
The man who led the fight against the devil and saved the town from destruction is our revered leader, Godoni Johanudro.
Atlantic Hurricane Jerry, Subtropical Storm, is expected to hit the Atlantic coast.
Jerry is the head of the NHC (National Health Care) and he has been working hard to improve healthcare.
The owner of the house is looking for a reliable and trustworthy person to take care of his property while he is away on a long trip.
The hurricane Katrina caused a lot of damage to the houses and crops of the people in the area.
The child is crying because he has no food to eat.
Adam Cuerden has been appointed as the new editor-in-chief of Wikinews.
"Oh [Wales] how beautiful the land is. The palm tree is very tall and the birds are singing very sweetly. Come and see the beauty of this land."
The child was crying because he was hungry and his mother was not around to feed him.
The suspects were identified as Sagirrarius lójú òrun.
The man who brought the money to buy the land was Ona Milik.
The Milky Way and Sagittarius galaxies are moving towards each other.
The man who was hit by the car is in critical condition.
The new galaxy phone is very powerful, it can take beautiful pictures and videos, and it is very easy to use.
The suspects were arrested and taken into custody.
The old man said to the young man, "I will give you 100 cowries if you can bring me the big tortoise that lives in the forest."
The new Japanese Prime Minister has announced plans to visit Nigeria, but the exact date has not been confirmed.
The child who was born in the village will become a great man in the future.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
The old man said, "I have been waiting for this day for a long time, because I know that today is the day that I will go to the other world and meet my ancestors."
The driver of the car was arrested and taken away by the police.
