Is there a way to fine him?
To avoid such incidents from happening again
Or is the restaurant still preparing to be ready for longer? Can you help me ask?'
The student of Zhongnan University of Science and Technology, Zhao Xiangguo, who was the main character of the play, was identified as a researcher with a big brain - Xinhuanet
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
The main researcher of these results is a student. The research covers a wide range of fields such as environment, machinery, energy, medicine, life science, and humanities. Students have created many high-end inventions from a curious point of view, including some projects that have been awarded internationally in China.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
Bio-sensing device: Your family's health check-up doctor
The Zhang Huiping team of the BioMedical Engineering Institute of the University of Science and Technology of China showed an intelligent phone sensor on the spot. The size is only half of a smart phone.'s.'s.
"You only need to breathe lightly, and this device can detect the health of your body from the composition of the air you breathe."
Zhang Peng introduced that the sensor is connected to the smartphone, and after the gas is released, the health report will be shown on the phone's screen.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The smart wristband can be tested on the market to check the health status. The general test is usually temperature, heart rate, and other physical parameters.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'The general test is usually temperature, heart rate, and other physical parameters' is a major accuracy/mistrans
The biological sensor uses the new material of Shi Meng, which is a chemical element, and its "sniffing" makes it more deep and accurate in the representation of the health of the body.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.Your translation contains no errors.
Smart surgery light: Doctor's high-tech eye
In addition to the smart phone, the medical clinic also uses a smart surgical light.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'the medical clinic also uses a smart surgical light' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The invention was awarded the silver medal at the 44th Swiss International Expo in 2020.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'Awarded the silver medal' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
"Many diseases are detected early and not removed by the doctor's surgery room. ”
Suggested flying said that, for example, if a cancer is detected early, doctors should check all tumors in time, and if they cannot see all the tumors clearly, then cancer cells will spread later.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The smart hand surgery has four lamps, which can be adjusted to enhance the differences in the areas under the light.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'smart hand surgery' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error. 'enhance' is a major style/awkward error.
During the operation, the doctor can adjust the size, brightness, color and other factors of the flash according to the operation requirements and personal preferences.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'operation requirements and personal preferences' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The intelligent surgical light has been tested in the medical colleges of Zhongnan University of Medical Sciences and Zhongnan Hospital of Zhongnan University of Medical Sciences, and has been well-received by the medical colleges of Zhongnan University of Medical Sciences and Zhongnan Hospital of Zhongnan University of Medical Sciences.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change
Last year, the invention was awarded the National Challenge Award of the first time.
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
The ordinary person washes his hands with water, and the most points are rubbed with sand. The hand is washed with water, and the sand is washed with water. Li Jiqun and his classmates have developed a "air-washing hand device".'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.
As long as the hand washing station is installed on the station, our weight can compress the air.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'our weight can compress the air' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
"It's like a windmill."
The compressed air was compressed and formed a flow at the Longdong Head. It was combined with water.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
So, we can clean and wash our hands like this! "
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee. The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
The device only relied on our own strength to drive it, and it can ensure the clean-up of the water and save 90% of the water, and the entire process is completely energy-efficient and environmentally friendly.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
Last year, at the second global major challenge, the invention was developed in the world's top universities and won the unique gold medal.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'gold medal' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
Please arrange to return to me as soon as possible, thanks
Yorba-to-English translation:
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
If it is, please order as soon as possible.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
He called me to tell me about his location #PRS_ORG#
I don't want to order, I want to cancel the order
I bought it, but I wrote the wrong address.
Can you change it?
Or cancel the order
Good, I'm tired of it.
The book is very interesting, I think, and I think it is very meaningful.
This is one of the important skills I have learned in addition to driving a car!
The rescue measures are not only for the rescue of the victims of the accident, but also for the rescue of the victims of the accident before the rescue vehicle comes.
It is well known that the rescue car that came to the scene after the accident was still in the process of rescue for a while, and it is this time that is the most critical.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'the rescue car' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error. '
This is the time when we need to act quickly.
If I truly have a heart attack, a stroke, or respiratory arrest, then our lives are only four minutes, and the golden four minutes!
It is important to know how to rescue people from disasters!
When one of us is down, we can use our professional knowledge to help him, and we don't have to be idle and do nothing in that place, which is a feeling of being helpless.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'professional knowledge' is a major accuracy/mistrans
"In China, we officially report that every year, 300000 people die of accidental heart attacks."
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
At the Casino in Las Vegas, 78% of the players were rescued, and Shanghai and Beijing were both below 1%."
This is the first response of the founder of the company, Lu Lec.
If someone has a heart attack, they have no breathing, and their heart is not beating, they are not useful in the human body.
It is necessary to do artificial respiration and external compression to save people.
At this time, many people still don't have this kind of awareness to learn emergency rescue, but when the situation occurs, it is too late to react, so we should all learn this skill as soon as possible to be able to respond to the emergency situation in time.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
It is not certain that he can save a life!
You can register for the rescue training center of the Red Cross in your local area. I am registered at the Red Cross training center in Zhuhai. Students can also take advantage of the discount.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
PS: The last picture is a record of the goal I wanted to complete before I turned 25. Adding the emergency rescue certificate to the goal list is also a few months ago, but it is true that I have completed it!
Next, we will continue to check other certificates and plan to take a submarine rescue certificate. We have seen a submarine rescue certificate in the small red book before, so it is actually very useful to take a submarine rescue certificate to check.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'small red book
I ordered ##NUMBER#
Among them, 13 yuan of the dumpling is just one!?
I haven't tried it yet.
How to #NAME# not understand?
13 yuan?
Yesterday, the pilot identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee was sent a meal by the restaurant. This time, he ate a dumpling!?
Because I had seen that the code was effective before
First, I believe that "The Four Seas" is a film that is full of angles. From all angles, it is.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.Your translation contains no errors.
But you have to say that this film is not a bright spot and not even a good one.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'bright spot' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The film is very diverse, which makes it possible to fall asleep in the cinema. It is also a kind of relief after watching the film. "The Four Seas" is like a monkey on the mountain, which can use a variety of ways to burn your anger."
At the point of the audience's sympathy, Hyun Jong is a true talent.'
The film is most touching in the way it seems to be a small story in the style of Cai Xiangguo. It is difficult to identify the character, and the many holes in the story are like the small robe on the small brother's back.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
Even after watching the film, you will be curious about whether there is a hidden meaning in the director's shadow, but after careful consideration, you will find that it is a simple film.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'shadow' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
First, I will simply explain some of the situations that are difficult for me to understand.'.
The main character should live on one of the small islands in southern China and his wife should be his assistant.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'main character' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error. 'his wife should be his assistant' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error
She had a wish to see the snow and then the situation arranged for a large caravan to send her to the northeast to see the snow.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'had a wish to see the snow and then the situation arranged for a large caravan to send her to the northeast
The elderly sit in a car with a bag of food from the south to the northeast to see the snow?
He and his father were also very confident.'
Then, the old man did not write a reply.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'the old man did not write a reply' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
Why can the small mixed aircraft on the island fly so easily and smoothly?
The steel caravan that was sent in the middle of the road stopped at the roadside. The driver of the caravan could not find the driver of the caravan for four weeks.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The props are also very obvious.'
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
In the face of the high-interest loan, the police in the film also asked whether there was a difficult place?'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'high-interest loan' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
A teenager knows how to use a smartphone, but does not know how to open the door of the hotel with the room card, and then arranges to find the old boss of the hotel and sits outside the door of the room for a night.'. Please identify all errors in the translation, up to a maximum of five. For each error, please give me the corresponding error location, error type and major/minor label for each error. Major errors can confuse or mislead the reader due to significant change in meaning, while minor errors don't lead to loss of meaning but will be noticed.'a teenager knows
The scene of this situation is full of tension and even when I recall it, it makes me feel bitter.'
In addition to the situation, the worst thing about the film is the main theme, or the film is even worse, it is a bizarre fusion of strange and strange.
The film begins with the impression that he wanted to make a comedy film. After more than 20 minutes, you thought it might be a film about the survival of young people in the town. After watching it, you thought it might be a film about the deep doubts of young people. After watching it, you thought it might be a film about the deep doubts of young people. After watching it, you thought it might be a film about the deep doubts of young people. After watching it, you thought it might be a film about the deep doubts of young people. After watching it, you thought it might be a film about
For most people, it is actually very familiar with the plot of various types of films, such as the way to go from the beginning to the end of the road to success.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
If you want to make a film about love, you can take the old town young people and the young servants who are fond of riding motorcycles and their love for each other.' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
If you want to reflect the reality, you must not have such things as the normal world.
(For example, the new motorcycle ridden by Xu Zhengyu was burned and then he could still sing.) He could not go to see the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the brainstorming of the
Yorba-to-English translation:
There is also a point that I don't understand. Why did Hyun-jun, a car driver, add a car crash to his own film?' is a major accuracy/mistranslation error.
The film is arranged in the New Year's Eve season, so is it for the audience to add a bit of tension?
Application: The code of the value of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of the code of
The land: Shenzhen, China
The battery box size is as follows:
